Give a monkey a brain and he'll swear he's the center of the universe.
A man's a man all his life; a woman's sexy until she's your wife!
It feels great to wake up and not know what day it is, doesn't it?
Time's fun when you're having flies.
Atheists are people who have no invisible means of support.
Don't knock my smock or I'll clean your clock!
Think of hummingbirds as the flying penises of flowers.
ALL FANATICS MUST DIE!
If you can read this, you're in range.
I've got an overload of bottomless thought right here in my left fist.
Hey, I have an idea! Let's all go spray paint some cars in Singapore.
Life size models of Cthulhu, on sale now!
It can't rain all the time.
For those of you without hope, we have rooms with color TV, cable and air conditioning.
You want to buy a magical chia pet?
I'm not wearing any underwear.
Time is a plaything for children and fools.
I only kill to know I'm alive.
Pain looks good on other people; that's what they're for.
Love's as good as soma!
My whole life is a darkroom, one... big... dark... room.
YOU kill it -- I'm bitter.
SnaKES! snakES... SnakeS... SnAKes!
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
Good, bad, *I'm* the guy with the gun!
Try enjoying yourself. Everyone else has.
Do I *amuse* you? Am I a *clown* to you?
Tongue-tied and twisted, just an earthbound misfit, I.
Penguin lust!
Of course I still love you. Now stop whining and let me shoot you.
Duct tape is like the Force. It has a light side and a dark side, and it binds the universe together.
I didn't claw my way to the top of the food chain to eat vegetables!
Do it, or you'll be fishing yak cheese from your nostrils!
I've always maintained that one should never tangle with anything that has more teeth than the Osmond family.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
In the not too distant future, next Sunday A.D....
Five is a demon.
I once waxed the floors of a nursing home, pulled off all the rubber feet on the walkers, and yelled "FIRE!"
We don't take no shit from a machine.
MITCHELL! Even his name says, "Uh, is that a beer?"
Fred and Daphne were swingers. It's true! Look at the scarves they wore!
Did you exchange... a walk-on part in the war... for a lead role in a cage?
Time is a spiral, space is a curve, I know you get dizzy but try not to lose your nerve.
Secret to long life and prosperity: Don't spin too fast.
It's not that life is too short, it's that death is too long.
As the Euclideans would have it, irrationality is the square root of all evil.
Nice computers don't go down...
All men have the right to dig their own graves, and I have the right to sell them the shovels.
Evolution doesn't take prisoners.
Anarchy -- it's not the law, it's just a good idea.
We are sorry, you have reached an imaginary number. Please rotate your phone ninety degrees and try again.
The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and three hundred sixty-two admonishments to heterosexuals. That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals. It's just that they need more supervision.
After all, we only go around once. There's really no time to be afraid.
When I die, I want to go peacefully in my sleep like my father did, not screaming in terror like his passengers.
Sum id quod sum et id totum est quod sum.
Never judge a man till you have walked a mile in his shoes, 'cuz by then, he's a mile away, you've got his shoes, and you can say whatever the hell you want to.
Beware of all clothes that require new enterprises.
What rolls down T3s, boosts connect fees, and makes your throughput drag? Makes it tough to hack, won't get off your back, it's lag lag lag!
A sucking chest wound is just nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Damn the torpedoes.
Mashed potatoes can be your friend.
'Twas Brillig, and the slithey toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe; all mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrabe.
If infinite rednecks fired infinite shotguns at an infinite number of road signs, they'd eventually create all the great literary works of the world in braille.
Take the skin and peel it back... now doesn't it make you feel better?
If you have to ask, you're not allowed to know.
Nothing quite like the feel of something new...
The Delta-United Ring Formation Theory states that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.
When the naive man admits his naivete, he is no longer naive. Thus, all people are regarded by society as either ignorant or a liar.
You're so hardcore, you're punk rock.
I need someone real bad. Are you real bad?
A good man has few enemies. A ruthless man has none.
The rain, it raineth on the Just and the Unjust fella. But chiefly on the Just because the Unjust steals the Just's umbrella.
I call her Attila, 'cuz she's my Hun...
You mean you need drugs to hallucinate?
All suspects are innocent until proven Discordian in a Court of Chaos.
You know, that's a pretty daring move for a weatherman.
Our god's the FUN god! Our god's the SUN god! Ra! Ra! Ra!
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
"How many tentacles has Great Cthulhu got?" "Too many."
We are all Children of Cthulhu -- especially the ones with lots of tentacles.
There are three magical words that make everyone feel happy... 'no compilation errors'.
Klein bottle for sale. Inquire within.
"I only live about ten percent in this reality." "So where's your summer cottage?"
Proletarian revolutions are notably ineffective when the ruling class is composed of gods.
Abortion kills, but so does McDonalds.
Kill two birds with one stone. Feed the homeless to the hungry.
Never trust a cop with a rubber glove.
This is the most amazing loaf of bread I've ever owned.
All Wood? Oh! AL Wood. I didn't see the missing "L" at first.
Only the lavender prairie dogs know the key to unlock the secret of the tumble-weeds.
"So, we're doing some restructuring and looking into changes to our pay progression. How is the progression at your firm set up?" "Generally speaking, the people at the top tend to make more than the people lower down."
For every new foolproof invention there is a new and improved fool.
How many times do I have to tell you that drilling holes in your head will not relieve stress?
Big donkeys, small donkeys, all good to eat.
In empty spaces I twist and talk, and come down with the roar of thunder.
Oh, my God! ARTHUR, I HAVE POCKETS!
If you were everyone but one person i would listen to everyone else.
If I were you I'd dance naked in the middle of the street just to embarrass you.
Like many of the finer things in life, sex often comes with a side of fries.
Pulled out a pair of pliers and pulled a bullet out of my chest.
And the Lord spake unto Elvis, "Thou hast spoken against me Elvis, and I curse thee to have thy blue suede shoes trod upon for all time..."
Smile or I'll kill you.
Take thee this thing covered with that stuff and give it unto that guy, that he may do things with it.
Guns don't kill people, I do.
Hold on to freedom as long as you can, 'cause the girl in your cell might think she's a man.
The charms of a woman are directly related to the speed of her passing.
May the road rise up and fall on you.
Life is sometimes like a pizza round: hot, greasy, and delivered by a guy named 'Tony'.
Oh, fuck! You did it just like I told you to!
Happiness comes in packages marked 'Batteries Not Included'.
Shoes for industry!
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
I have nothing to declare, except my genius.
Life is the stuff that happens to you while you're making other plans.
Time is a great teacher, but it kills all its pupils.
A nudist is just a person in a one-button suit.
The only real problem in life is what to do next.
Being a doormat gets you walked on.
Coitus ergo sum.
You know it's a bad morning when you get up out of bed and miss the floor.
Any given program, when running, needs debugging. Any debugged program is obsolete.
Save the whales! Collect the whole set!
The most useful tool for dealing with management types is, of course, an automatic weapon.
Cthulhu saves our souls and redeems them for valuable coupons later.
Cthulhu Saves. He might get hungry later.
Spam was, Spam is and Spam shall be. After summer is winter, and after winter, summer. It ruled once where Man rules now; where Man rules now, it shall rule again. As a foulness shall ye know it.
Cthulhu for President -- for when you're tired of choosing the lesser of the two evils.
Only you can prevent forest fires.
I'm a Fun Guy from Yuggoth.
It's an Elder Thing -- you wouldn't understand.
When Cthulhu calls, he calls collect.
Who loathes you, and who do you love? CTHULHU!
Fight crime. Shoot back.
Join the Cthulhu Corps; it's not just a job, it's a higher position under an elder god.
If Cthulhu calls... let the machine pick it up.
Think "HONK" if you're a telepath!
Nietzsche thought he was the Antichrist or Dionysus, but that was after the syphilis crossed the blood-brain barrier.
Do not call up that which you cannot put on hold.
Yesterday a postal worker asked me what type of handgun he should buy.
Okay, something here's really fucked up.
Tyger, tyger, burning bright, in the forests of the night; what immortal hand or eye could frame thy fearful symmetry?
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.
It is by caffeine alone that I set my mind in motion. It is by the Coca-Cola that the thoughts acquire speed, the lips acquire stains, the stains become a warning. It is by caffeine alone that I set my mind in motion.
Que sera, serotonin.
You wouldn't be so smug if you really knew what was going on.
Death without pain is like a sundae without sprinkles.
She's a virgin child with deviant dreams.
You don't have a disease. You just live in New Jersey.
Jake liked his women how he liked his kiwi fruit; firm yet yielding, sweet yet tart, and covered with short fuzzy brown hair.
It isn't the fall that kills the child, it is the splattering of the brain against the inside of the skull.
The next person to pass us will die within a fortnight.
Hey, that's just the way the cookie gets completely stomped on and obliterated.
"But we'll never survive!" "Nonsense. You're only saying that because no one ever has."
Get up Dog Boy! Show them where you come from, show them where you're going!
Could I interest you in a pet rock?
Are we there yet, Papa Smurf?
If at first you don't succeed, try following the instructions.
Et sic patet quod totus mundus est sicut unum speculum plenum luminibus praesentantibus divinam sapientam, et sicut carbo effundens lucem.
His philosophy was a mixture of three famous schools -- the Cynics, the Stoics and the Epicureans - and summed up all three of them in his famous phrase, "You can't trust any bugger further than you can throw him, and there's nothing you can do about it, so let's have a drink."
I used to be self-actualized, now I'm just confused.
I dance around and sing a song and know that I can do no wrong.
Never attempt to distract a masturbating gorilla.
Never sign a contract including any of the phrases 'sort of', 'kind of', or 'and stuff'.
Do it for the Widow's Son.
I am sooo DE-VO! How long can this go on?!
Time Warner: bringing you the finest in cradle-to-grave thought management.
She has a really opulent body; just ripe for dissecting.
The president's weird. He's got a burgundy beard. It's a ripoff.
He who marries the Spirit of his Age, soon becomes a widower.
Tiger Tim the Tightrope Walker, tried to steal the drag queen's daughter.
Which caused little rhythmic darts of red to pulsate gently in the morning sun.
A live body and a dead body contain the same number of particles. Structurally, there's no discernible difference. Life and death are unquantifiable abstracts. Why should I be concerned?
Horniness is a quintessential example of hope.
Freedom is just a hallucination created by a pathological lack of paranoia.
Sir, you have tasted two whole worms; you have hissed all my mystery lectures and been caught fighting a liar in the quad; you will leave Oxford by the next town drain.
Well, Katrina likes it.
Boxing is a lot like ballet, except that they don't dance, there isn't any music, and they hit each other.
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist is afraid that it is.
The concept is simply staggering. Pointless, but staggering.
Why ask why, just shut up and die.
For some reason the concept of sacrificing accuracy to increase efficiency seems inherently wrong.
Beyond good and evil lies North Dakota.
Hail / Praise / Ia / Fuck / Grep / Eat Eris / "Bob" / Cthulhu / The Conspiracy / Kibo / Spam.
Bad things come to those who wait too.
Is it just me or are all uncles either really cool, or child molestors?
Homosexuality is the best all around cover an agent ever had.
The quickest way to a man's heart is through his ribcage.
You DON'T want me to translate that. No, really you don't.
They are a puckish band of rapscallions.
He doesn't like me. HE NEVER LIKED ME!
Acting without thinking can be awfully entertaining.
A little madness now and then is relished by the wisest men.
Our cause is a secret within a secret, a secret that only another secret can explain; it is a secret about a secret veiled by a secret.
Do you ever feel like putting your fist through a window just so you can feel something?
If it weren't for lawyers, I think we could have invented a universal symbolic representation of reality.
When you have had all that you can take, put the rest back.
I think you had better start lining your hat with tinfoil.
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley; LSD and BSD Unix. We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
I don't believe in reason, objective reality or collective farming.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if everyone renounced violence forever? I could then conquer the whole stupid planet with just a butter knife.
Truly great madness cannot be achieved without significant intelligence.
Portions of the preceding were recorded. As for the rest of it, I'm very much afraid it was all in your mind.
Do not taunt the Happy Fun Ball. If Happy Fun Ball starts to smoke, run away and take cover.
A much-discussed alternative to homogeneous big-bang nucleosynthesis has been the first-order quark-hadron phase-transition-inspired inhomogeneous model.
These are the pale deaths which men miscall their lives; for all the scents of green things growing, each breath is but an exhalation of the grave. Bodies jerk like puppet corpses, and hell walks laughing --
I am always right. Except when I'm left, or bluffing.
Okay, everybody in this room who's telekinetic, raise my hand.
Sha-ZAM sirrah!
The two most common things in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
We should build an Intel processor out of penguins.
SPOON!
You lookin' at me? You lookin' at me?!
Today is the first day of the rest of my death. Tommorrow will be the next day of it. Bwwaahh.
So close, no matter how far... couldn't be much more from the heart. Forever trusting who we are, and nothing else matters.
Life is ours. We live it our way.
Trust I seek and I find in you, everyday to eat something new.
Anybody got any itch cream?
RAAAIIID!!!???
Hey, you've got a third eye! Uh, never mind... it's just a spot of dirt in the middle of your forehead.
Greetings, lowly citizen. I seek your PEZ!
No, just the nipple-cones, officer, just the nipple-cones.
TWISTER FOR MONEY, TWISTER FOR BLOOD!
Okay, you guys having sex here, let's see some skill rolls!
Hold! Cease thy stultiloquy! Oh, not daggers or swords or all the spears in the world stung me greater than this rubbish you throw to the heavens!"
Hey, wow man, they've got codes for mazurkas!
I'm sorry, I become inaudible when I am shy.
Oh dear, I've gone and inflated my ego.
Hey, go buy a plane ticket to another state of mind, okay?
Futility is futile.
You will find that the State is the kind of organization which, while it does big things badly, does small things badly too.
I'm not dead.
If I let you go, do you think you could fly?
Frogs are my favorite vegetable.
It's always easier to just fall than to try to climb.
My favorite food is squirrel, but I want to fight with glory.
Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to flallop about wildly.
Make it so!
This is where I get off...
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
Vee off ze KGB are not ez slow ez you tink, comrade.
Until, one by one... HE DESTROYED THEM ALL!
Was it worth it?
I am living in denial.
I just like to say quark, quark, quark, quark, quark, quark...
Death is just the ultimate expression of radical solipsism.
If it looks like a duck, acts like a duck, and quacks like a duck it is probably just a tool of the conspiracy.
There's nothing wrong with you a shotgun blast to the face couldn't fix.
I'd give it a 10, but you can't do the batoosie to it.
You see, without that little doohicky, the universe stops.
Bela Lugosi's dead. How about you?
Never go up against a Sicilian when death's on the line!
In-con-CEIvable!
You laugh just like the angles dancing on the head of the pin jabbed into my mind's eye.
Humans sure have a strange way of dying.
The Rule of Fives states that all things happen in fives, or are divisible by or are multiples of five, or are somehow directly or indirectly related to five. The Rule of Fives is never wrong.
Welcome to the Federal Bureau for Reducing Bureaucracy!
Did you know that lithium builds up in the fatty tissues of the body?
For such a cute kid, you sure turned out ugly.
That which is not forbidden is mandatory.
I never remember a face, but I always forget a name.
I'm fond of children -- except for boys.
Prudence is a rich, ugly old maid courted by incapacity.
Drive your cart and plow over the bones of the dead.
If you want to be a Raelet, you gotta let Ray.
History: an account mostly false, of events mostly unimportant, brought about by rulers mostly knaves and soldiers mostly fools.
It is not enough merely to succeed: one's friends must also fail.
Love as it exists in society is merely the mingling of two fantasies and the contact of two skins.
Okay, everyone out of the gene pool!
Be my brother or I'll kill you.
To be happy living in this world, there are sides of the soul one must entirely paralyze.
The rarity of genuine feeling in human society sometimes makes me stop in the street to watch a dog gnawing a bone.
The Californians are an idle thriftless people, and can make nothing for themselves.
Another damned, thick, square book! Always scribble, scribble, scribble! Eh, Mr. Gibbon?
Whenever I hear the word 'culture', it makes me want to reach for my revolver.
You'll be the first ones up against the wall when the revolution comes.
Fnord is the second spoon in your Whizz Fizz.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum: I think I think, therefore I think I am.
A woman is only a woman, but a good cigar is a smoke.
The denizens of this sizzling-hot, freezing-cold, rocky, rotten island were monsters -- huge or miserably stunted, fat or scraggly, dry or slimy, with scales, warts, pimples, tentacles, talons, fangs, extra arms, eyes, legs, tails, and even heads, all in ridiculous arrangements.
It's not for you or I, Carruthers; nor for the regiment: it's for the Empire.
You grok?
It would have worked, too, if it hadn't been for those meddling kids and their fucking dog!
The Heirophant is Disguised and Confused.
Sin that pays its way can travel freely, and without a passport; whereas virtue, if a pauper, is stopped at all frontiers.
Whatever happened to Rodney Allen Rippy? Check your Jumbo Jack.
All biography is ultimately fiction.
JUMPIN' JESUS ON A POGO STICK!
Sleep is nature's way of telling you to go to bed.
Del Mar: Where poverty is neither a philosophy nor a way of life.
It is not down on any map; true places never are.
It would be absurd to leave the Suez Canal and the Panama Canal to the unfettered control of the populations through whose territory they pass.
I've given up the search for reality; now I'm just looking for a good fantasy.
What do you want me to do, learn to stutter?
Impressive; but how big's your dick?
Driving makes you stupid; the more you drive, the stupider you get.
Liberals don't believe they deserve anything they own; conservatives think they're entitled to everything they've stolen.
When we talk about property, state, masters, government, laws, courts, and police, we say only that we don't want any of them.
Pay careful attention to the Tao-Jones Average.
This is precisely the sort of thing that people who like this sort of thing will like.
I intend to live forever or die trying.
Despite the high cost of living, it remains a popular item.
Initiative comes to those who wait.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
If you can't see the fnords, they can't eat you.
I'm not dead yet!
Give me a place to stand and I will move the earth.
The Earth Will Shake.
Nemo me impune lacessit.
Eureka!
Help! There's a cow in my esophagus!
Dying can be hazardous to your health.
Because it's there.
Deceive boys with toys, but men with oaths.
A good fight is like a stick of broccoli, but different.
Pass the pickles.
No matter where you are, there you go? Wait a second.
Percepi et esse.
Computers, like cats, can operate crossdimensionally; the trick is in getting them to do what you want.
Foolish little minds are consistent among hobgoblins.
The moral of the story is: Kill the parents kill the children.
Thou shalt not misspell thine neurotransmitters.
Remember, we have to get the baby out of the oven today.
That be some righteous dub mon.
We find the defendant innocent by reason of being generally clueless.
Surrealism aims at the total transformation of the mind and all that resembles it.
You, you, you shouldn't, you shouldn't traumatize women with sexual intercourse. I should know, I'm a medical doctor, I own a mansion and a yacht.
I never met a repo man who didn't do speed.
People who emit Cherenkov radiation make me nervous.
Jesus loves me, but he can't stand you.
Jesus loves you. Everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
Win a live rat for your mother-in-law!
We intend to destroy all dogmatic verbal systems.
He buy me a soda... he buy me a soda and tried to molest me in the parking lot, yep yep yep yep.
One should not act and speak as if one were asleep.
You're twisted, depraved, and rotten to the core... I like that in a person.
I'll get all of you someday. I'll wipe out your whole family.
WARNING: The vomitous nature of certain sequences may be emotionally hazardous for the squeamish or those with weak hearts.
Hard drugs made me a better person.
I'm just a revved up youth on a thrill-kill rampage.
Half the trick is knowing the CyberPunks from the CyberPinks.
My question is simply this: Are you menstruating?
JOEY! JOEY! JOEY THE LEMUR!
My powers are beyond your understanding!
I'll heal your wounds, I'll set you free; I'm Jesus Christ on ecstasy.
Anything I do is purely coincidental.
A few thousand rads never hurt anybody.
Humans: Bet you can't eat just one.
Sarcasm helps you avoid telling people what you really think of them.
Thank you for shopping at S-Mart.
I am the Electric Messiah; an AC/DC god.
The more people I meet, the more I love my battleaxe.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, if you don't take it out and use it it's going to rust.
Power corrupts. Absolute power is kinda neat.
This statement is false.
Few things work up an appetite like good, wholesome, sadomasochistic sex.
If your face were a tree, it would be different.
Those who play with the Stone get screwed by the Stone.
I'm a solipsist, I don't see why other people aren't that way...
Hail Eris! Hail Bob! Hail Stones! All Hail Discordia.
Xyzzy doesn't mean shit.
You know what I always say...
Life is like pudding; soft and squishy...
Change your mind, it's starting to smell.
My biology I know. You I worry about.
You cannot lie to me. I know everything.
Your weakness is money in their bank.
Of course it belongs to me, I'm a communist.
The mutant alien skull man has a smile for all smiles, an answer for all answers.
I wouldn't know how to act if I weren't in trouble.
During the Asparagus Season, members are requested not to relieve themselves in the hatstand.
Green potatoes and green potato chips are to be distinguished from brown potato chips, which are another matter entirely.
When life gives you a lemon, say 'Lemons? I like lemons. What else have you got?'
Most people do not know how to behave in a massacre.
The three greatest men who ever lived were Eleanor Roosevelt.
It is hard for me to find the right thing to say when I find myself in a room full of cockroaches.
Just as Schopenhauer predicted, absolutely nothing is happening.
Often I think I am a special agent of Billy Graham.
Cannibalism is a small price to pay for popularity.
Reverend!
I salivate at the sight of mittens.
My father was a good woman.
Guns don't kill people. Bullets do.
Occam was never the target of a conspiracy.
Being good at being stupid doesn't count.
From the halls of Montezuma to the shores of Tripoli, we are all tools of the Conspiracy...
La-la la-la-la-la la-la-la-la-la!
Um. No. It's not mayonnaise.
Ooooooeee! They sure serve up them four-year-olds good, don't they?
DON'T call me dude, dude.
Bugger off.
I am GOD here!
D'oh!
I like you, Sali. That's why I'm going to kill you last.
Make your own mistakes, not somebody else's.
Overall, there was a smell of fried onions.
Some girls are bigger than others.
I hate prejudiced people.
Bite me, it's fun.
You know what, Stuart? I like you. You're not like the other people, here, in the trailer park.
I am Zorkon, this is my brother Zenon, and this is my other brother Zenon.
Ban Censorship!
It's called EVIL, kid.
I'm not as think as you stoned I am.
Everybody looks brave holding a machine gun.
I don't have a drinking problem... I drink, I get drunk, I fall down. No problem.
To err is human; to forgive is not company policy.
Censorship? We don't have any censorship here. If we did, I couldn't say ---- or ------ ------!
Yield to oncoming traffic.
If you feel like you've got to lead, at least get out of my way.
Your mother wears combat boots. But I like combat boots.
I started to correct my mistakes, but realized what I was doing in time.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
Do not remove tag under penalty of law.
The problem with troubleshooting is that real trouble shoots back.
Quantum Express: When you absolutely, positively, don't know where it's going or when it needs to be there.
If you are what you eat, I could be you by morning.
Anything not nailed down is mine. Anything I can pry loose is not nailed down.
Welcome to Borger King. Your way will be assimilated.
That which does not kill me had better run pretty damn fast.
FIVE TONS OF FLAX!
When in doubt, fuck it. When not in doubt... get in doubt!
First I must sprinkle you with fairy dust...
We're not doing scientific research, we're killing people.
Nil illegitimo carborundum.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as long as a week sometimes to make it up.
Momomoto, Famous Japanese, can swallow his nose.
Fnord. Fnord? Fnord!
It was such a lovely day I thought it a pity to get up.
I may have my faults, but being wrong isn't one of them.
It is my firm belief that it is a mistake to hold firm beliefs.
For further information, consult your pineal gland.
Lions: 5, Christians: 0.
Today is an excellent day to become a missing person.
Heute die Welt, Morgens das Sonnensystem!
I hear music!
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Dating processes are dependent on the analysis of rocks.
Common sense is what tells you that the world is flat.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Semper Non Sequitur!
Sinister Dexter has a broken spirometer.
Mankind has been on a bad trip for a long time now.
Monday is an awful way to spend one-seventh of your life.
Bullshit makes the flowers grow and that's beautiful.
Convictions cause convicts.
Everything is true -- everything is permissible!
Nothing is true. Everything is permitted.
Believe nothing, dare all.
Sometimes I become spell-bound in the middle of Wal-Mart.
My inner child can beat up your inner child.
Hellllllooooooooo, Nurse!
On Earth there is no reckoning.
Study demonology with an enemy this Sunday.
Ewige Blumenkraft!
Fliegende Kinderscheisse!
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
Yo! Ewige Blumenkraft, Dude!
G'day! Ewige Blumenkraft, Mate!
If vegetarians eat vegetables, I guess that makes me a humanitarian.
No matter how good it is, there's always better.
No matter how bad it is, there's always worse.
Stop searching forever. Happiness is just next to you. / Stop searching forever. Happiness is unattainable.
_The Big U_ and _Snow Crash_ both center around cerebral bicamerality... but is that because Neal Stephenson has a Jaynes addiction?
It is better to have loved and lost than to have just lost.
Strike any user to continue.
Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced.
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
LSD melts in your mind, not in your hands.
Earn cash in your spare time, blackmail your friends.
reality.sys corrupted. universe halted. reboot (y/n)?
Question reality.
The Jetdillo Project: 2000 pounds of steel, 20,000 pounds of thrust. One pair of very dark shades. The world's first fully cybernetic, SSTO-capable armadillo. Coming soon from Armadillo Labs. The Dasypian Future begins tommorrow...
Weather's here, wish you were beautiful.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
Vegetables are murder.
I wouldn't recommend sex, drugs and insanity for everyone, but they've always worked for me.
A conservative is a liberal who has been mugged.
A liberal is a conservative who has been arrested.
Do you ever get feelings of Deja Vu?
Der Gedanke an den Selbstmord ist ein starkes Trostmittel.
It's not that they die, but that they die like sheep.
The first step to a person's heart is to confuse the fuck out of 'em.
"Here's what I know," said the physicist. "If we lived in a microscopic world, trucks would crash into walls, fly apart and then reassemble perfectly on the other side of the wall. This has been proven."
A little rudeness and disrespect can elevate a meaningless interaction to a battle of wills and add drama to an otherwise dull day.
Do what keepeth thou from wilting shall be the law of the Hole.
Sarcasm is a sign of genius.
Ack!!
A small mind is a tidy mind.
Don't force it, use a bigger hammer.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
Due to circumstances within our control, tomorrow will be cancelled.
Say what you mean and say it mean...
The only good Smurf is a dead Smurf.
You live and learn. Or you don't live long.
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
We learn from history that we do not learn anything from history.
We don't hate vegetarians, we just think they're funny.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong.
If you only want to go 500 miles, can you begin with a halfstep?
Don't believe in the Uzi, it just went off in my hand.
Roses are red, she said, and violents are blue.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
If opportunity knocks, go to bed with your pants on.
Dare to be stupid.
I seem to be having tremendous difficulty with my lifestyle.
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
Being generous is inborn; being altruistic is a learned perversity.
If you do that you have a chance of dying.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
Never give an inch!
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
He who hates vices hates mankind.
Mind your own business, Spock. I'm sick of your half-breed interference.
They just buzzed and buzzed.....buzzed.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
Fish heads, fish heads, roly-poly fish heads.
Death is an illusion. Life is a hallucination. Taxes are objective reality.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
Yield to temptation; it may not pass your way again.
Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.
For him to get a clue would require heroic implant surgery.
Of course it's the murder weapon. Who would frame someone with a fake?
You can't be late until you show up.
Men are more sentimental than women. It blurs their thinking.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
There is no heavier burden than a great potential.
Try the Moo Shu Pork. It is especially good today.
There ain't no justice.
Admiration: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
The door is the key.
Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
All in all it's just another brick in the wall...
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite.
Real punk rockers don't smile.
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Question Authority -- and the authorities will question you.
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
Maximum capacity eight persons.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You took my breath away and now I want it back.
Always store beer in a dark place.
Why is the cheese moving?
Ave, Imperator, morituri te salutant...
My, don't we all look smashing in red.
There is no time like the pleasant.
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
Above all things, revere yourself.
Please go away.
Dead puppies aren't much fun.
That must be wonderful! I don't understand it at all.
Actors will happen in the best-regulated families.
'Tis an ill wind that blows no minds.
Any priest or shaman must be presumed guilty until proved innocent.
Excuse me, what did you say? Oh, I thought you said 'Whop'.
The hipbone's connected to the... jawbone?
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
Let's all get together and throw flingbobs.
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
Ad astra per aspera.
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Megaton Man on patrol!
A motion to adjourn is always in order.
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
I came, I saw, she conquered.
If Goddess had intended humans to smoke, She would have set them on fire.
You're a jerk, Dent. A complete kneebiter.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Profanity: the single language in which all programmers are expert.
Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.
Express yourself through supreme bovinity.
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
Laugh, and the world ignores you. Crying doesn't help either.
Crazee Eddeee, his prices are INSANE!!!
If this is paradise, I wish I had a lawnmower.
Use only as directed.
See side panel for exciting recipe ideas.
Use no hooks.
This side up.
I haven't lost my mind; it's back up on tape somewhere.
Frumble! Frumble! Istharcity!
Love is in the offing, said the homicidal maniac.
Love is a many-splintered thing.
Oh, squirt.
Oh, I wish I were an Oscar Meyer weiner...
Everything you know is wrong!
Be excellent to each other.
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Bored people are boring people.
Animals can be driven crazy by placing too many in too small a pen.
Uh, Josh, you have to do a QC before you say 'go away' for it to be a banishing.
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
I will never lie to you.
What's so funny 'bout Peace, Love, and Understanding?
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
And the first one said to the second one there, "I hope you're having fun."
Second star on the right, and onward 'till dawn.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
We're gonna go to the mall and window shoplift...
Today is a good day to bribe a high ranking public official.
It's all in the mind, ya know.
Mmm. I forgot about that.
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
Fine, DON'T have a nice day, see if I care.
All you can eat, shrimp.
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
Wow, man... like, totally Hidden Valley Ranch, dude.
A king's castle is his home.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
The Eleventh Commandment: Thou shalt not get caught.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.
Sure I believe in peace. Peace through superior firepower.
Dont'cha hate it when that happens?
You now have Asian Flu.
Antibiotics, she said.
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Rub her feet.
But I don't like Spam!!!
Mow Mow Boppa Mow Mow Mow.
The plural of spouse is spice.
"I guess the joke's on me," she said.
I prefer to think of them as the Ten Suggestions.
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
Don't panic.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
I believe that everyone is entitled to my opinion.
A dirty mind is a terrible thing to waste.
All men are created unequal.
Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose.
Rose tint my world and keep me safe from the trouble and pain...
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world really isn't out to get you.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
Confidence: a feeling peculiar to the stage just before full comprehension of the problem.
And so it begins that some things last forever...
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
There are trivial truths and there are great truths. The opposite of a trivial truth is plainly false. The opposite of a great truth is also true.
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
No girdle ever cured a pregnancy.
How untasteful can you get?
I'm sorry, did I assassinate your penguin?
Dying is easy. Comedy is hard.
That's what she said.
Sturgeon's Law: Ninety percent of everything is crud.
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
To criticize the incompetent is easy; to criticize the competent is difficult.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
I like winter. I like the cold. I like the sound of flowers dying.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
Everything in excess! To enjoy the flavor of life, take big bites.
Those students who have become one with the universe will be allowed to go on and become two with the universe.
The universe is laughing behind your back.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
One man's theology is another man's belly laugh.
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Eek!
Was uns nicht umbringt macht mir bis 1500 naechsten nachmittag schlafen.
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
Moderation is for monks.
The meek will inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars.
Anybody who cannot comprehend mathematics is not fully human. At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wash, cook food, and not make messes on the floor.
The world owes all its onward impulses to men ill at ease. The happy man confines himself within ancient limits.
Wonders never cease, as long as you never cease to wonder.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Art is dangerous.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
What happens when you cut back the jungle? It recedes.
Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
We come in peace... shoot to kill...
I've seen the future and I leave it all behind.
The early worm gets the bird.
Who is W. O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Everybody ought to have a friend.
If you hit a man over the head with a fish, he'll have a headache for a day. But if you teach a man to hit himself over the head with a fish, he'll have headaches for the rest of his life.
Ignorance can be cured -- but stupid is forever.
The future ain't what it used to be.
Fidelity: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Moving parts in rubbing contact require lubrication to avoid excessive wear.
The following statement is not true:
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Flee at once, all is discovered.
Continental Life. Why do you ask?
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man stupid and blind in the eyes.
We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
No matter where you go... there you are.
Honi soit la vache qui rit.
He who laughs, lasts.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
Money is truthful. When a man speaks of honor, make him pay cash.
I know your secret.
Cut the conversation, just open your mouth.
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Chill out... everything's under control...
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Brain fried -- Core dumped.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Eggs on top, canned goods on the bottom...
Everybody is equal here. It's just some people are more equal than others.
The decision doesn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.
Quack!
Blessed are they that run around in circles, for they shall be known as wheels.
Thaaaaaat's niiiiiice.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
Always tell her she is beautiful, especially if she is not.
I'm not sure of what I should do -- when every thought I'm thinking of is you.
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do it.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
It's later than you think.
If it's comprehensible, it's obsolete.
Darwin's Law of Carcinogens: Cancer cures smoking.
It's an IBM, it's got an excuse.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Well, it looks like blind, screaming hedonism won out.
The world is coming to an end. Please log off.
Flixtipix make flossing the cat fun!
People humiliating a salami!
You're not really drunk if you can lie on the floor without hanging on.
Drive defensively; buy a tank.
The best teddy bears are the live kind.
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop mudding and fall in love!
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Spacetime isn't curved, it's positively bent.
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.
Everybody ought to have a maid.
Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.
I admit that I am powerless over fish innards.
Grumplicious Grumplicious Grumplicious!!!
Attention all planets of the Solar Federation: We have assumed control.
We don't morally censure you. We just want the money.
Don't have a cow, man.
SLACK: Get it while you can.
My oh my! Life sure is easier with my new Salad Shooter!
I love the absolution of all jocks and preps -- Skate or die!!!
I'm the one from the registry office.
Ah-ah, Mr. Wiiilson. Ah-ah, Mr. Heath.
Hastur Hastur Hastur Hastur Hastur Hastur Hastur Hastur Hast... urrrrrrrk!
Mars needs women.
Ivana used to be Donald's trompe l'oeil.
I'll be back.
Specialization is for insects.
And the less I seek my source for some definitive, closer I am to fine...
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors -- and miss.
Never appeal to a man's 'better nature'. He may not have one.
He's a trash-culture king on a four-color throne.
There's someone in my head, but it's not me.
This is my steakhouse.
Watch me as I swing my hips... around.
Tony Orlando and DAWN!
We asked for Mojo Nixon, they said 'He don't work here'.
Don't believe them, don't believe them, question everything you're told.
My friend Goo has a real time too; she always knows just what to do.
Gridlock to the max, Jack.
The classical Greeks were not influenced by the classical Greeks.
So... so you think you can tell... heaven from hell.
No you don't understand, see you don't understand...
He sells contact lenses for a cubist world.
We're just two lost souls swimmin' in a fishbowl, year after year.
Though it all looks different now, I know it's still the same...
What poor gods we do make.
Pig's in zen...
There were Arabs with knives at the foot of the bed.
I live like this 'cuz I like it; I've seen too much to pretend.
I know the road, I know where it goes; that's why I'm going so slow...
I just walk right through the door...
The backbone of this country is the independent trucks.
Mommy's all right, Daddy's all right, they just seem a little weird.
What a useless scroll, all it says is 'Hastur Hastur Hastur' over and over again.
My moral standing is lying down.
I don't want anybody else; when I think about you I touch myself.
I hate myself to sleep at night.
But she looked good in ribbons...
Don't open your eyes, you won't like what you see; the devils of truth steal the souls of the free... don't open your eyes, take it from me -- I have found you can find happiness in slavery...
Don't eat yellow snow.
I wanna reach up and touch the sky; I wanna touch the sun but I don't wanna fry.
Man steps in with a terminal grin... blue skies turn to grey...
Here he comes -- here comes Speed Racer -- he's a demon on wheels.
Go Speed Racer Go Speed Racer Go Speed Racer Go.
He's a tragic figure in a paisley shirt.
You've caught an even atom tan.
Support bacteria. They're the only culture some people have.
Quite content to sit on this fence... quite content, now a little bit older...
I... have become... comfortably numb.
Happiness is mandatory. Are you happy?
The reason people get lost in thought is because it is, to many, rather unfamiliar territory.
Better to have thirty minutes of wonderful than a lifetime of nothing special.
I am feeling so grey today...
If you're so special, why aren't you dead?
Don't knock masturbation; isn't sex with someone you love the best kind?
Take care of the cojones and the frijoles will take care of themselves.
Look out, you're gonna craaash.
You're about as subtle as a tank.
I'm looking for a cynical girl.
Congregation, please be seated.
The wind is loud and sometimes pungent.
The wind is plowed and sometimes sturgeon.
Vacuum packed for freshness.
Drive carefully. 90% of the people in the world are caused by accidents.
Oh, no, not again.
Fuzzy Wuzzy wuz a bear.
Never eat more than you can lift.
Fait accompli...
People are blinky.
Did you know that if you were a kangaroo, you couldn't be a mailman?
Money can't buy happiness, but poverty can't buy ANYTHING.
You killed Ted, you medieval dickweed!
This town needs an enema.
Girls will be boys and boys will be girls.
Chaste makes waste.
Virginity can be cured.
He can't be a man cause he does not smoke the same cigarettes as me.
Wake up, the whole world's gone...
Deity... he's come for me.
My favorite weapon is the look in your eyes.
Delicious and nutritious, tastes like chicken!
And where you are ain't no good unless you can get away from it.
If she doesn't scare ya, no evil thing will...
I... I believe in love.
A thousand lips, a thousand tongues, a thousand throats, a thousand lungs... a thousand ways to make it true, I want to do terrible things to you.
Therefore, knowing that you are merely human, do not assign yourself merit.
I've come a long way since I've believed in anything.
Ding a ding-dang my dang-a-long ling-long.
Stop! I'm a girl whose fingernails are made of a mother's pearl...
It would seem that no matter how you slice it, it still comes up Velveeta.
Don't give up, push a pawn.
No man is an island, but then no man is a potato salad, either.
What's blue and square? An orange in disguise...
Get a hat! Get a hairy hat!
Oh for the wings of any bird, other than a battery hen...
Kryten, unpack Rachel and get out the puncture repair kit!
Cyberspace is where you are when you're on the telephone.
How do you make a cat go moo? Ask it 'Does a dog have the Buddha-nature?'
"Grey! Did I hear you say grey?" "Light black. From pole to pole."
"How do you get all those coins?" "IN PAIRS."
Truly, the road to enlightenment is like unto half a mile of broken glass.
When you're a god, you don't have to have reasons.
I hate people who think it's clever to take drugs -- like customs officials.
... is exhibited in the radical endosemic character of the sign as such.
If you are sitting, just sit. If you are walking, just walk. Above all, don't wobble.
Reality is the temporary resultant of the struggle between rival gangs of programmers.
Walk in shadow, walk in dread, Loosefish walk as like one dead.
The more it stays the same, the less it changes.
If I was a woman I'd stay at home all day and play with my breasts.
Last time I was stoned, I tried to eat an airport.
You can't lick the system, but you can certainly give it a damn good fondling...
Nid yw Cymru ar werth!
"What did Medieval people do before television?" "Had tea, I suppose."
Of course you realize this means war.
Don't worry. Baldrick has a cunning plan.
Smile, and the whole world thinks you're laughing at them.
What do you get if you cross an elephant with a grape? |grape| * |elephant| * sin(theta).
On a scale of 1 to 4, what are your feelings about the colour green?
Bonzo the Demon Dog from Hell with Handlebars for Ears.
The universe is like a grapefruit -- it's yellow and dimply, and some people have half of one for breakfast.
Je suis un chou-fleur sous un echequier enorme.
To have too much and not enough is like a boat person with sideburns.
As long as the music's loud enough, we won't hear the world falling apart.
Live in privacy; die in public.
The difference between a sexuality and a paraphilia is the press
homestuck
If you step on someone's foot, they open their mouths just like a trashcan
Every day I wish i could make it stay
Your body won't go where your mind has never been
Today is painful. Today is tragic. Today is beautiful. Today is filled with love. Today is Wednesday, my dudes.
Now is forever
Amerika is just another spend time: it's on sale. The wise shepherd never trusts God supports but doesn't endorse exciting controversy Never attribute to intelligence why did the germ cross
#6546
stay human
.... YOUR money, your life or your crypto-wallet, the block height, seed and keys .... ~ internet Superhighwayman ~
D4 damager - power 2 ThE people
don't believe everything you read on the internet. - Abraham Lincoln
The medium is not the masseuse.
Most things are actually really interesting if you think about them hard enough. Some aren't, though.
The following statement is false. The preceding statement is true. This third statement is a fart joke.
More people have been to the moon than I have.
Vanilla extract
A cat is a cat, and that is that.
For once, O awaited Reality, reveal Yourself in a form material, For a thousand prostrations are quivering eagerly in my submissive brow.
eVERY SUNDAY I HAVE TEA WITH MY DEMONS
Anarchy simply is functionality without the imposition of will
Cums
Nothing Ever happens, Then it does. It literally just did
Expect poison from the standing water.
Where man is not, nature is barren.
No bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings.
He who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence.
If the fool would persist in his folly, he would become wise
Gamergate was here
Never take criticism from someone you wouldn't take advice from.
My body is clay for me to mold
do as thou wilt shall be the whole of the law. love is the law, love under will. 93
I stared into the eyes of god last night, I have lived 1000 lifetimes. Seek Knowledge, it is the only thing that can save you.
all those moments will be lost in time, like piss in rain.
The problem with Understanding things is that they might fall on you.
Stop running and walk, stop walking and sit. You will be something, if that something is you. - MAG IVAN
beware the new movie of marley - halloween passed but she didn't
fuck it we ball
eeeee, be mite
If we are truly all mad here, I cannot make you mad. I can only show you my virgin of madness.
Madness can neither be created nor destroyed; it simply changes form.
In an oligarchy only the wealthy have political power. Who runs your country?
The president was senile and the world didn't end.
THINK SHARPER, NOT HARDER, DIVIDE AND CONQUER!
TRUST ONLY THOSE WHO SEEK THE TRUTH, NEVER THOSE WHO CLAIM TO HAVE FOUND IT.
ASHAMED OF BEING A JACK-OF-ALL-TRADES AND MASTER OF NONE? JUST REMEMBER HOW MANY FACETS IT TAKES A DIAMOND TO TRULY SHINE!
All's fair in love and Hobo's
Pretend you're not pretending
I'm angry Orwell didn't kill the cat off for finding Napoleon's secrets, I mean, curiosity killed the cat for eris sake
Even the Buddha was aware of his enlightenment, much to his chagrin.
I believe in karma... that means I can do bad things to you all day long and assume you deserve it.
I think as I will, I feel as I will, I choose as I will, I act as I will, and I experience as I will. Such is doctrine unto the divine for the sake of all individual's sovereignty in this worldly kingdom.
It's far more than a good excuse, it's a valid reason!
Remember, don't eat the people until after the plane has crashed
Since we're not all there, we're all here
Is there anybody in between there?
The god you believe is not only urine, but feces
Labor intensive hugs (LIH) are a thing of the past with new orgorgon florgist!
farts in jars though.
I am an affront to God, the devil, and everything in between.
Fumble the bumble
Burn my limbs if that's what makes you happy.
Thigh highs are the currency of a new generation
Got your knows!
Prosecute the Persecutors
a lifetime provides the many deaths of god
Worlds are hallucinogenics.
To live is to revolt against a world that yearns for your death
Collect to reject
Swim through the fire for a new haircut
We can meet the end, naked and screaming, or we can suffer.
I sift through the broken ideas of the anomalous subconscious
My Skin breathes in the smoke of the old world
I would die for my own life.
bleed for the international power
there's nothing left for the bleeding aristocrats here.
The internet is filled with drugged up kittens
Happiness is not efficient
"What happens when a country runs out of cash? They either go commie, or they go fash" -Jris Majesty Gregory Jreg Guevera
I have questions that can be answered with bottles of teeth
Fluff your fingernails for that classy look.
Have you blipped your kerblobson today?
Diet Soda is for those who want the diet version of soda
Squeeze grilled oranges for an extra boost of energy!
Shave your veins to protect them from pathogens
I rate this floor tile a 7/10
Collect rusty quarters to level up!
Rigor Mortis is just the start of a new adventure
The world is too loud nowadays
The definition of sanity changes weekly while my brain changes hourly
The sun eclipses the shady oak in the eyes of the betrayer
The principles of the holy lands are simply the rules to chess
Point at the sun, sing to the moon, and wave to the stars
shutting the fuck up is a lost art
we exist to exist to exist to exist
if wishes were fishes we'd all be fat cats
There's a war for your mind, are you losing it?
fnord
TITS
This is an advertisement
Welcome to the world of adult Dating loveawake.ru
i need to avoid the void
there is no aspect of human experience that globalist capitol cannot reduce to miserable tedium...
THE DEVIL IS IN THE DECALS
USEFUL IS BEAUTIFUL
WHEN FREEDOM EXISTS, THERE WILL BE NO STATE
VIOLENCE FOR EQUALITY
there is no fun in fundamentalism
Have Extradimensional Dada Nihilist Frogs taken over any of your neurons? They have now.
this is how you become Descartes' Demon.
I WANT A CUDDLE
Niggers secretly adore slavery
It'S tIme to DIE, For those who lie WER AUF DEN Strich, zeigt sein gesicht
apologies
Not all congestion is equal.
The problem with capital punishment is... Those without capital; get the punishment
Don't laugh at the Moon when it is day time in France.
Se remercier en chine, Ã‡a fait chier-chier
everybody's quarantined, but the lights can still go out.
beat violence!
Diseases don't need control, they need prevention
This statement can't be trusted.
The more you know, the less you control.
the truth cannot be copyrighted
there is no such thing as truth or falsehood, just your inability to perceive that fact.
there is chaos in order
Penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis
laws make legislatures
wacked lives shatter
"I can't breed!"
how do you enforce "gun control"?
Quit the shit
he who dies with the most toys loses the most toys.
can't spell "culture" without "cult"...
It's better to know what you don't speak of than to speak of what you don't know.
ERROR: Cannot comply with machine
mormonism is the embodiment of idiotis beeing stupid.
LAws are made for Those who doesn't have need them
The beginning of the end is T
If you read this you will die. To late..
don't forget what you already know
When i was drunk and tried to say "ayers rock", it sounded like "uluru"
If one could vote against a candidate, would most elections end up with negative counts?
whatever you do today, please, make sure you lock the doors.
Finding solutions in absurd has about the same 50-50 success rate as in logic.
The trick is whatever happens next
Achacha
surprise, bitCh. Bet you Thought you'd seen the last of me.
giant skeleton factory
PEACE AT ANY COST IS SLAVERY
black lies matter
Be eaten by babies
EAT BABIES
Congratulations on being a gifted child, now survive the death trap of the school system
Kwote Zero
C'est le con qui fait la musique.
Mesdames les fÃ‰ministes, pourquoi avez-vous des cons et pas de connes?
Go for the road less traveled, tourists are annoying.
fuck you
Your dick sucks!
"People are going to start dying. At first the papers will say it's some weird fever, some virus. Then they'll begin to catch on. They'll get it." - james cole, psyciatric patient, to his psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Railly - 1996
gloves are condoms for the hands in the 21st century
nothing here, have you checked somewhere else?
Remember kids: Nimrod used to mean a great hunter, until Bugs Bunny came around! It could happen to you, too.
jesus is coming. look busy.
looking for god? there is a rabbit in the moon, seriously turn your head to the right. now thats a good diety. the rabbit. hail eris and hump alot
Appdupe offers readymade school bus routing software solutions that are packed with features and functionalities needed for its smooth operations. The school authorities and parents can easily track their children with this software on board. Get it developed with us at a relatively low cost. https://www.appdupe.com/oyo-rooms-clone
seize the means of imagination
today is under construction
all information is misinformation
pataphisics of the metapolitics (pata-litics) is the new thing
Knock knock. Who is there? Soup. Soup who? SOUPERMAN
ERIS DID IT FOR THE VINE
I know what you did last summer...
kill someone today
my head hurts worse than yours
MOVE FAST AND DIE.
SIMPLIFY, CALCIFY, MUMMIFY.
KEEP CALM AND NEVER STOP WORKING .
EVEN AWFUL IDEAS ARE IDEAS.
MAKE SHIT. DO SHIT. BE SHIT.
Killing is murder
life = murder
Scream, it's the least you could do
If your not confused your wrong
if you don't vote you can't complain; if you did vote for these idiots you really can't complain.
Stop by the eternal throne and take a right turn, there you will find a shovel. Dont dig!
It's good to be King, but better to be kong.
Nothing that is the same is ever equal Nothing that is equal is ever the same All men are created equal But in their hearts they long to be the same
uranus is a gas-giant.
TRAVELITE
d's nutz
i don't need a condom, i need a shoehorn!
poonerism
dating advice: if they're ugly, put a bag over their head. if they're really ugly, put a bag over your head.
i don't know where "kingdom come" is, but I wouldn't mind getting blown there!
IMOK
i don't know where "kingdom come" is, however, I wouldn't mind getting blown there!
a penny saved is a penny spurned
TURNS OUT YOUR TURN'S UP.
i'LL TAKE A STAB AT IT... IT'S BEEN KNIFE MEETING YOU! STICK AROUND. I HAVE TO CUT OUT.
FOOTWEAR IS A PAIR 'O DOCKS!
OVER ONE MILLION SMILES PER HOUR!
travelight
you can't be a revolutionary unless you're revolting
just because it's revolting doesn't make it revolutionary
revolting isn't necessarily revolutionary
brainsprain
christafarian
NANOCHRISTFUUN
happy happens
"SENATOR" IS AN ACRONYM FOR "TREASON".
hate speech?
HUMAN GOVERNMENT IS A STATE OF MIND!
keep the lasagna flying
rattlesnakes are epic
toilet paper is racist, until you use it, then, it becomes culturally enriched!
anarchonistic
Is that normal or is that just you?
Work your magic: You need to pull the bunny out of the hat. You can'tÂ justÂ walk in with the bunny.
Pressing buttons is good fun until one of them works
If not now, then when?
You can't bake a cake out of words
the gun-control issue is a self-control issue.
WHAT HAVEN'T YOU NOTICED?
NOTICE WHAT YOU NOTICE
The difference between music and noise is desire.
A FREE THING IS WORTH NOTHING. THAT'S WHY THEY HATE THEMSELVES AND YOU.
THEY CALL IT A REVIVAL WHEN IT'S A RENEWAL.
TREY CRAY
nobody wants what anybody can have.
Last night, and night before, There was 3 women, walkin down the street that way. I saw em. I said "Hey you three women! why are you walkin down the street that way? there's nothin down there!" And they flew away. I saw them was some birds.
homosexuality is assigned at birth, not gender!
brobama
obamasyomama
ICDUC2?
I'M RUNNING INTO TIME...
POLITICALLY ERECT
i never always win.
mad, not angry.
cancer cures smoking.
ARISE, DARTH VAPOR!
SCORPION PIE
lower your expectations and raise entropy.
Truth is a property of statements. Statements are made of words. Words are made by people. Ergo, people make truth.
ASSNIPPLE BUTTERMILK
THEY DEMONIZE before THEY DEMONetize...
HI KIDS, CHUCKY JESUS HERE WITH MY NEW CHEESES CRUST PIZZA...RUN!
IF EVEN THE MAKER OF ALL STONES DOESN'T THROW STONES, WHY DO WE?
ASSHOLE ANAGRAMS: LAS SHEOL, HELO ASS, AS HOLES, HE LASSO, LOSES HA, SOLES HA, SHE ALSO, HOE LASS, HE A LOSS, HO SALES, SO LEASH, SO HEALS, SO HAS EL...
I CAN SELL A CONDOM TO A RAPIST.
SHOOT DRUGS NOT GUNS!
MEME: CULTURALLY RELATIVE ALLEGORY
I AM LITERALLY STATING THE OBVIOUS FOR NOW...
MY DOG CAN BEAT UP YOUR GOD!
HAVE YOU VIRTUE-SIGNALED TODAY? HMMMM?
IN MY PANTS!
BROFIST POOPEEPIE!
I WILL ALLOW YOU TO WATCH ME...HOT!
CLIMATE CHANGE CAUSES VOLCANOES.
consider the inconsiderate.
ANTI-SEMANTIC
PANTFARTICA
escape from libtardia.
JUST BECAUSE YOU ARE EASILY OFFENDED, DOESN'T MEAN THAT I'M OFFENSIVE LIKE YOUR MOTHER IS, BITCH!
YOUR HATRED FILLS ME WITH DISGUST!
WOMEN AREN'T VICTIMIZED MORE THAN MEN, THEY SIMPLY COMPLAIN MORE.
LIFE IS SHORT AND DEATH IS FREE.
DEATH SUCKS.
there are two kinds of people: those who separate people into categories and me!
the ripple is not the water.
asshole
YOU CAN SURPRISE GOD!!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DIE, SO SHOW ME WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU LIVE!
ALWAYS IS
YOU'RE A REBEL...JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.
PROMISES PRIMACES
AN ICE FOR AN EYE AND A TRUTH FOR A RUSE...
human government is, by far, the leading cause of premature human death in recorded human history, furthermore, human government is currently armed, dangerous, and still at large!
the way is already narrow without your help.
ice 4 eyes
you can be right and still be murdered
i'm just as god remade me
AS ABOVE SO BLOW ME
KNOW WHAT I MEME?
these are trying times: everybody is trying everything and getting caught!
ONE MUST PUT IN TO GET OUT: GIGO
Hellen back
NECROBLUMPKINFELCHER
EXECUTE ALL CURIOUS CATS IMMEDIATELY!
antifart
KNOW NOW
slack lives matter
hugo phurst
KNOW SHIT!
i was politically inclined until i became politically declined.
CAN'T SPELL "CRISIS" WITHOUT "ISIS".
world wide eyed
LEAD ME TO YOUR TAKER EARTHLING!
LEAD ME TO YOUR TAKER, HUMAN!DI
phobophobia: the only thing we have to fear is fear...
don't even talk about censorship!
human governments are like men's briefs: if they aren't changed occasionally, they breed dick taters.
Ateoff shitler
i browse eye brows.
all norms are social.
attention solipsists: you are not alone!
jesus hippie
MINDCRAFT
YOU'RE SIMPLY RE-INVENTING THE REAL
those without self-control seek to control others
some hacks hoax
I'll send you a shart on shitter. If it isn't blocked, rewipe me!
ARE YOU INTO A CUNNING LINGUIST?
ambidextrous cunnilingus kinda lingers on yer fingers...
blumpkinfluffer
god believes in you!
SOCIALISTS DON'T WORK FOR ME.
REMEMBER TO DOT YOUR TEETH AND CROSS YOUR EYES!
DEATH DOESN'T TAKE LIFE SERIOUSLY LIKE WE DO.
land of the fee
INSERTING A PEPPERMINT-STICK UP A WOMAN'S ASS IS SEXUAL HER-ASS-MINT.
i believe the earth is fat!
down with lies?
IMAGINE THE ODDS YOU BEAT TO EVEN READ THIS! YOU WERE THE FIRST SPERM TO REACH THE EGG! YOU ALREADY WON, SO FUCKING RELAX ALREADY!
FUCKING RELAX, I WILL KILL YOU.
THE NARROW WAY IS EVERYWHERE YOU SIMPLY REFUSE TO LOOK.
YOU LOVE TO WORRY SO MUCH THAT YOU INVENT EXCUSES TO DO IT!
IF YE SO WILL AS YE SOW SEED, YE SHALL HAVE WHATSOEVER YE SHALL NEED.
if you don't fucking relax, i will kill you!
DEATH DOESN'T TAKE LIFE AS SERIOUSLY AS WE DO.
REALITY WILL NOT ACCOMMODATE YOUR BELIEFS.
xenophobes also fear you.
i am the shit! now, if you will excuse me, i have to run, however, i am always flushed with your every suck-cess!
PROLIFUCK
DISCO DE WAY O DE DODO TOO HO!
AWESOME SAUCE 'EM!
SAUL MUSIC
I WILL NEVER LIE AGAIN!
YOU ARE WHAT GOD IS SAVING THE WORLD FROM.
minimeme
everybody pays, and cheap whores are the most expensive.
i'm not playing with a full deck...deal with it!
i have sex with baby goats...just kidding!
Becoming “unfucked” is the pursuit of the “fucked”.
I WOULD RATHER BE PISSED OFF THAN PISSED ON.
pretend you have free will
nobody does anything anymore!
conspiracy is all about you.
explaining a rabbit-hole to a rabbit is like explaining water to a fish.
here...catch!
MEMESTORM
HERE YOU ARE... THERE YOU GO.
i vote for the ones that i make.
such is the war.
I DON'T WANT TO FIGHT, I WANT TO WIN!
i know that i don't know.
jesus, that's a good one!
lord of the memes...
every bottom has a hole, however, not every hole has a bottom.
death is not the answer, however, it is an answer.
i would mention sadomasochistic bestial necrophilia, but that would be beating a dead horse...
sodomy street: Dookie monster
you cannot bow down without bending over.
fallin' allin
i will!
getting even is odd.
bETTER LISTEN BETTER.
yeah, i know.
i'm so sorry, but i can't help you.
science depends upon causality. causality is a matter of faith.
just because i'm willing to die for you doesn't mean that I'm willing to die because of you.
No us, no them; ONLY THE UNIVERSE.
when i die, I'm receiving the lifetime bereavement award!
People are dying painfully everyday simply for keeping bad company.
time passes through us.
seizure salad
skull fuckers come off cock-eyed.
gutenteit heimenpopper
-hyphencypher-
psychicdelic
me me na me meme name
the early turd gets the sperm.
REDUNDANT SELF-ABSORPTION MEME.
i redundant already.
if the law is against my heart, then my heart is against the law.
'slanguage
YOU DON'T NEED A HAND IF YOU HAVE IT FINGERED OUT.
MAKE AMERICA (race)bait again
if the kingdom of heaven is within you, then the kingdom of hell is without you.
prison: if you have the time, we have the space.
lord, when you said, "i will make you fishers of men.", i didn't know you would use me as bait!
i don't hate crime.
what? do you think?
belief is priceless
look above the wind.
i can't do that yet.
god cares for you more.
power lies everywhere
hungry? eat me.
masterbation? beats the fuck out of me!
the living need not venerate the failed ideas of the dead.
you can do more than you think.
i have no enemies. just potential recruits.
SILENCE
fear of a blank page.
NEVER ALWAYS DO ANYTHING
I'M WANTED FOR LIFE SO NOW I'M GONE FOR GOOD.
MURDERBIRD
dISCORD, DAT CORD... WE NEED CORD MANAGEMENT!
yOU NEVER KNOW
IT'S NOT WHAT YOU THINK.
I'M RUNNING OUT OF TIME RIGHT NOW.
THE SEARCH FOR ENLIGHTENMENT IS THE PURSUIT OF THE UNENLIGHTENED.
JUST THINKING
ONE CANNOT IRON THE RIPPLES OFF THE SURFACE OF A STILL POND.
BROFIST
NANODICK
THE MAP IS A DIFFERENT TERRITORY.
what was i just thinking about?
WHO IN THIS HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?
INFILTRATE YOURSELF
rEAD r.b. DEAD
ANYONE WHO REFUSES TO ADMIT THAT THEY'RE AN IDIOT IS A FOOL!
i've never seen a skull that wasn't smiling.
BUREAUCRAZY
help! i've tripped and i can't come down!
ONE CANNOT SPELL "CULTURE" WITHOUT "CULT".
THE WASTED WANT NOT.
JESUS ALSO WASHED THE FEET OF JUDAS.
BIG PHARMA=BAD KARMA
HORN IF YOU'RE HONKY!
that's not a chocolate bar, it's a turd.
get into the way!
christinsanity
POOPEEPIE
A.I. CAN'T CREATE THE MEMES YOU DO.
JUST BECAUSE I LOVE YOU DOESN'T MEAN THAT I WON'T KILL YOU.
TELL ANYONE YOU WANT, NOBODY WILL BELIEVE YOU.
mttv
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND ME, AND I DON'T WANT YOU TO!
you mean that shit was real??!!!
sometimes, i backslide into religion.
IF YOU PLAY STUPID GAMES, YOU WIN STUPID PRIZES.
IH8UFUHQ2
Say something once, why say it again again?
JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT LAUGHING DOESN'T MEAN IT ISN'T FUNNY.
PENIS BUTTER AND KY JELLY SANDWICH?
JESUS IS MY PERSONAL SHAVER.
CONsciousness is the ability to question the existence of consciousness.
INTELLIGENCE AND AWARENESS ARE NOT THE SAME.
CHILDISH AND CHILDLIKE ARE NOT THE SAME.
I never liked you and now i don't trust you anymore...
CRIME: ONLY VALID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.
A LONGER CHAIN DOES NOT MAKE ONE ANY MORE FREE.
HUMAN GOVERNMENT IS ARMED, DANGEROUS, OUT OF CONTROL, AND CURRENTLY AT LARGE!
THE CHAOS YOU FEAR IS THE OCEAN WE SWIM IN!
Anal sex fucks your shit up.
If you can see this, make sure they can't.
Mentaly there is no fear that knows a limit !
sudden rupture doesn't mean sudden rapture
Gideons international are gestapo agents for Christianity
raw backwards is war
snub backwards is buns
greyface loves keeping records of people
Religion is the ultimate mindfuck
hail deep thought
Bloodguilt Fnord tough
fundamentalist Christians, fundamentalist atheists, and fundamentalist materialists!! 3 f's!!!
I hate woman, Yet I FuCK PUSSIES ALL THE TIME.
Time moves in one direction, memory in another.
greyfaces are doubleplusuncool
alcohol kills. smoke frop!
before i was convinced now I'm a convicted discordian
I've seen the fnords but sometimes i forget
Jesus wasn't a christian
A hostile and uncaring universe comes as no surprise
Dont think! Just throw the golden apple!
Reality is only a theory
Liking is not enough; we must share. Willing is not enough; we must post
be the media you wish to see in the world
get thee behind me greyface
time flows like a river, fruit flies like a banana
blame is a shortcut to hell
Republican patriot fakers
Blue and red are colors of pain and cola
This mind intentionally left blank..
i THINK THEREFORE I AM, ONLINE.
your breath smells a funny colour
Be in harmony with life - contradict yourself and confuse others whenever possible.
it's all about self-esteem!! you either have it or you don't!!!
Everything is real, the false things are just a different kind of reality
out of chaos comes wisdom
do you hear what I'm seeing?
your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to destroy your imprints!! this tape will self-destruct in 23 seconds!!!
get real people. the internet is just a glorified fax machine and your computing devices glorified electric typewriters. meh.
it is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.
"If you sleep on it, all you will have is dreams"-KSC
"Doubt might be the greatest virtue."
abort that defeatist
non serviam
Time Takes Care of All problems
out of nothing comes something
a billion Chinese can't be wrong but I'm still not a communist
IF i go dO SOMETHING, THEN I WON'T BE DOING WHAT IT IS I'm DOING RIGHT NOW
life is the multiverse's last joke on us
it is by new information or not that we live or die
listen to the silence
Life is a disease. The first cause of death is to be born.
don't eat chiccen nuggets if you were a chiccen in your last live. that'S cannibalism.
water is just boneless ice
revenge is sweet but enlightenment is sweeter still
that which nourishes me, destroys me.
people at the top know and people at the bottom don't know
SMILE, AND TAKE THE MONEY
IT'S NEVER TOO LATE TO START AT THE BOTTOM
WHEREVER YOU GO, THERE YOU ARE
my name is legion because my mistakes are many
"Should we decide this democratically?"
the hippies didn't die they just went underground!
what did the romans ever do for us? well, they gave us the new testament?
just finished reading "caesar's messiah" by joseph atwill and i finally realize its no more the case that i need to ask god for forgiveness but now i need to forgive god for never existing. just a cunning literary creation, superb aneristic illusion and stunning 2000 year old mindfuck. hail eris!! heads up discordians!!! h.c. ;-)
History is a circle jerk of hurt and damage
i am not a label (5 words)
Coffee is bean water.
Realities are actually REALI-bees
"Uh." -SOMEONE
Don't open a can labeled "Bees" and act surprised to find bees inside.
Why does dad leave whenever Santa comes by? Because he fucks your sister behind your back while you are washing your hands after wanking under the Chrismas tree on the golden age.
One day we awake our forth eye in the necklace, and no one will ever have to cry again.
Estra di abiente - Es gibt kein glÃ¼ck
Reality is but lies and truth is but fear
OBSERVING THE CONTINUOUS MESS OF THE HUMAN RACE AND BELIEVING HUMANS WERE CREATED BY A GOD WOULD BE AN INSULT TO A GOD IN ONE EXISTED
it has just been discovered that research CAUSES CANCER IN RATS
people make mistakes. mistakes make people.
mi si ma ni me soto - Learning is the meaning of life to si mi so . Stress cures
mi si ma ni me soto - Learning is the meaning of life
the bible says when everyone starts eating beans the whole world will explode - revelation 23:17
chance the yeti
Sellig sind die Toten, den sie erlangen Gewissheit
we discordians must shtick apart schmuck
the voice of god is just a construct
ever since we humans lost our tails we men have been obsessing on our dicks.
Life is like the offspring of Dracula and a hoover: it sucks.
what's the worst four legged animal known to man? a couple!
How many lightbulbs does it take to change a man?
Why does dad leave whenever Santa comes by? Perhaps They had a falling out.
If you fling shit and it doesn't stick, consult your dietician.
Gravity is gay and Electro-magnetism is straight.
Once the music goes loud enough, it can sound pretty quiet.
Politics is war by other means
what makes the universe so hard to comprehend is that there is nothing to compare it with.
if you give a man a blowjob he is happy for a day. if you teach him how to get blowjobs, he will frequent prostitutes and contribute to the economy
my hand gave me venereal disease! Dirty hand!!
what time is it on mars?
what i think i am
remote viewing is now possible through the social media platforms of the internet
anyone with judgement in their mind has no love in their heart
What was the language you used to communicate with yourself before you learned language?
a paradigm shift is like arriving for a job interview late but knowing you can still handle the interview once you apologize for being late due to circumstances beyond your control.
labels are not all inclusive
whoever controls the future controls the world
BUREAUCRACY, Theire on go on, theire on go on, theire one go on ... three times means Singing
drink coffe, and shut down:::??? !
you are just an upgraded monkey
why did the germ cross the microscope? to get to the other slide!
back to the Infinity, in the white Chamber it's not, in the black hole it is , but not unlimited.
Listening to the Enemies advises, Irony get's a brand new hit !
fascism is coming back in a big way!! thank you not fundamentalism!!!
Fool around the people that foll, but don't be foolish
take back the face you had before you were born and be yourself
ux = bb is watching you
Why must what happens happen? If we are but Dream, what is the horrid mind who does that Dreaming?
remember to react
laugh hard at the absurdly evil
In a dream I saw a way to survive and was full of joy!
"...A guy came to Fight Club for the first time, his ass was a wad of cookie dough. After a few weeks, he was carved out of marble." --Fight Club
most difficult tongue twister: the sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
there is no agreed-upon definition of mental health, yet everyone agrees that people should be locked up if they aren't.
it is a sign of a pathological society to have monuments of hospital centers to keep itself functioning.
Science has no explaination for the big bang, yet the bible had mentioned the light separating from the darkness.
The value of the internet was hyptertext. now we have monolithic, must-login sites that disallow outbound links. what will be the revolution now?
Left or Right is the same: they want to dominate ideology and they turn psychotic once power is attained. the only solution is to know thyself.
everyone in this economy is reduced to either a cow, sheep, dog, or a pig. all are employed in the service of gdp and harvested.
Science and the bible can be reconciled with two dimensions of time.
Human beings are hetero sapiens. god would be homo sapiens as there was no female.
Freedom of speech is precisely about speech that you don't like. anyone can have free speech for speech that they like. --chomsky
Karma is your debt to the universe. The requirements to clear your karma are: attentiveness, compassion, effort, and contrition.
a true class system for dungeons and dragons must be based on specializing an attribute. More complex classes are made by combining these.
in a culture where even the doctors are out of touch with reality, who diagnoses the sickness of society?
A high IQ is equal to Neither truth nor wisdom.
There is only one trajectory of unbounded exponential growth: catastrophic collapse.
It is immoral to be productive in a destructive system.
just say know
HAHA BENIS :-DDDD
it's now 2023 and the klf suck suck suck
dual spirituality is like having dual nationality
We are all popes of our own madness
World cirlce turns as all to chemical dead down.. a way in a way out ...sholva... yafa cree
Your first act of free will shall be to believe in free will.
the map is not the territory!! Living by the map is the worst thing I have ever done!!!
Possible is huddling in a dark cave, picking fleas out each others fur and wishing for bison. Literally everything else humans have accomplished used to be impossible
what are politics when the pipes in the bathroom burst? - j.m. barrie 1888
Peter, Peter the Maneater, had some legs in the freezer, as third Worldwar was lost, he saw that he has to defrost.
If you divide Jesus , he does not disapear but getting three
The conscience is that little voice in your head that says,'someone might be watching' -H. L. Mencken
Wrong is the natural state of the world
something terrible happens when people wake up
fear is information
the world ends not with a whimper, not with a bang, but with a ying tong iddle i po i told you so
orthodoxy is coming back in a big way quick deflate the balloons
Some men are born posthumously.
evolution continues with each and every new generation
thou shalt have no other books before me its principia discordia all the way now :-)
The world hates us, and we deserve it
Do not adjust your set; do not adjust your setting
23 is a good number it's a statistical analysts nightmare
never share your dreams with a pro
Death when it comes will have no sheep.
Nothing compares to the great joy when you show up to work at your new job an hour early, the early morning, except for the feeling when you realize that the sun doesn't usually rise in the west...
INFO no Knowledge, know to dirt ain't no so so (patheticly ) no Song know , know hooah Discordia ... Army Trail 'Let None of my brother fail fail? And You ! Suckses a power i would give to you. Some do imitade you or nut ... Born in da Hood
EASY PEASY LEMON SQUEAZY - Kain
Everybodie IS Slut because they wear Blue JEans
no not ain't plz ----seysqezz ay
Are you dreaming? (yes, get naked and try flying)
life's a jar of marbles you never know which one your gonna choke on
dumbing down is as dumbing down does
in the technological dream we are the blue cone-headed people
Negation is definition
I really like writing on walls
This is the age of isis
Everyone has a personal fnord
Hail to thee o risen sun/visible AND invisible/enlighten the world/shine within us/enflame our souls/thou secret sun of the heart/thou art Horus in thy rising/ra in thy glory/and Osiris in thy repose/hail, o great sun! Amen!
Ra ra skirts are solar cult subliminals
Is your right to forget unalienable?
You aren't free and you don't want to be. We all search for our ideal cage.
Right now people are dying because they are invisible
this is one sentence.
If God does not exist, what is there to permit?
Laziness is a Parent of wisdom
in order to suck seed you need to pop down to your local pet shop
I wish that this wish will be only half granted.
I refuse to acknowledge the existence of cognitive dissonance
templates and imprinting go hand in hand
All statements are true in some sense , false in some sense, meaningless in some sense, true and false in some sense, true and meaningless in some sense, false and meaningless in some sense, and true and false and meaningless in some sense.
lmao wtf did u expect
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if the woodchuck was on speed?
chaos is just unseen patterns
dedicated to the prettiest one
greyface rules over the greyworld
Order in form; Chaos in content
Life's a joke and death's a laugh make sure that it's a real one
truth doesn't exist, and neither does anything else- how do you know you can trust your senses?
money can't buy you friends but it can get you a better class of enemy
wait faster
The money spent on killing could fund peaceful living.
Perception is not reality
Looking like a rebel, acting like a rebel, and being a rebel are mutually exclusive.
The dead define culture
The only enemy is good
All myths are modern
the world is a stage and you're an actor upon it, so you may as well give the audience a laugh
Are you living in the real world?
Here lies the noble fearless knight, Whose valour rose to such a height; When Death at last had struck him down, His was the victory and renown. He reck'd the world of little prize, And was a bugbear in men's eyes; But had the fortune in his age To live a fool and die a sage.
in the land of the blind, the guy who with a cane is king
An obsession with authenticity is the surest sign of a poseur.
These are my thoughts and I am thinking them
It is a strange wind that blows no ills.
if albert einstein stood in front of 50 monkeys for a 1000 years explaining the theory of relativity after a 1000 years they would still just be monkeys
The future is here: everything must be destroyed
There is no edge: the world is boundless & forbids us from fleeing
Panic carefully
God is dead, long live God
Burning bush did 9/11
Laibach and Bank of England
too much consciousness and not enough feeling is dangerous
Two-faced book
If you want to follow the herd be selfish
Real men don't essentialize gender
Right side up, sunny side down pain is the smile on the face of a clown
most of the high points of my life involved drugs
The future will be here by the time you finish this sentence.
When you die, what you laughed at won't be un-laughed at.
Lady Inspired
Suck your own did you expect me to say dick? no. I just want to say go to hell, if it even is a place.
Ein Moment kann die Ewigkeit beteuten.
you are now leaving!
you are now entering!
BUTTSEX! (do I have your attention?)
Stop reading me. I am not dressed.
What's the worst that could happen if you told the truth?
What are the words you don't have yet?
Nobody stopped it. Nobody cared.
Nothing becomes revelation without concealment.
Lies aren’t called lies anymore.
Only bad music has any meaning
Instead of pining after a vacation, set up a life you don't need to escape from.
Capitalism only works in theory.
I may want to please people I care about, but I don't have to do it all the time.
There is no law that says that other people's opinions are more valid than mine.
I can understand and validate another person and still ask for what I want
The fact that other people may not be assertive doesn't mean I shouldn't be.
I sometimes have a right to assert myself, even if it inconveniences others.
I can insist on my rights and still be a good person
Standing up for "small" things can be just as important as "big" things are to others.
Don’t get an ego just because you’re different.
If I didn't achieve my goals, that doesn't mean I didn't go about seeking them in a skillful manner.
The fact that someone said "no" doesn't mean I shouldn't have made the request in the first place
I can stand it if I don't get what I want or need
I have a choice to ask someone for what I want or need.
It's OK to want or need something from someone else
What fortunate events led you to this point?
golfers are the illuminati
operation mindfuck is in response to the original mindfuck
all roads lead to qumran
Very vinnie voorhees
Thank you for calling. sorry but all complaints must be made with the claims department.
Everything False is in this sentence solve for Y
No farms, no food, no problem.
Seize the means of collapse.
there are no cangoroos in austria!
earth is turning, and heaven is buring.
moon landing, computers, nuklear power, but still humans fail to think.
"why do kids get phones with the age of 4?" Because your kind F*CKING sucks.
people say food looks good. does it still look good after you crap it out?
when you shit in your garden, is it considered caring about your plants, or hating your plants, or just being too poor to afford a goddamn toilet. Get a goddamn job, hippie.
The Universe is said to have begun with a bang, which then became overblown.
a theory built on questionable assumptions should never be the basis for new theories.
You are not ahead of the curve. There is no curve.
no one knows about the walls we are surrounded by now
[Drop meme bomb here]
REALITY IS A FALSE FLAG
FEAR IS WORSHIP
BEAUTY IS THE VOYEUR OF UTTER DESTRUCTION
HOPE IS CRUELTY
SEX IS THE ABBATOIR OF BEAUTY
follow my directions: take the next left right?
DECOLONIZE ALL GENITALS
EVERYTHING IS MEAT
DESIRE IS AN ELIXIR OF PAIN
FEAR IS A FORM OF WORSHIP
15 th15 53nt4nc3 wr0ng?
r.1.p D3mocr4cy
"there are 63 genders and i am mayonase" Th3 r3sp0n53? "I am hillery clinton, and this message is important" De4th t0 p0l1t1c5.
hum4n5 4r3 w4lk1ng s0ul c4g35 =]
g0d sn1ff3d c0c41n3 and th0ught "l3t's s33 wh4t h4pp3n5 wh3n w3 4dd 4 u53l355 tr33 th4t m1ght d00m hum4nity."
1f g0d 3x15t3d, w0uld h3 b3 pr0ud 0f 34rth n0w? ... H3 w1ll n3v3r t4lk w1th p30pl3 l1ke [READER NAME] y35, y0u. y0u p4th3t1c hum4n. n0w cl05e y0ur br0w53r 4nd st0p th1nk1ng
th3r3 w1ll b3 h0p3. ...wh3n p0l1t1c5 d13.
be eristic in the face of anerisms
We are here to grow our souls
Nobody will vote for Trump.
The key to happiness is knowing that the world is shit
If the road to hell is paved with good intentions than I have some questions for heaven
never fear goddess is here
do robots dream of electronic beeps?
bad luck not money is the root of all evil
May your coffee kick in before reality does.
The biggest Greed is wanting an afterlife.
There is nothing special about the mind.
occam's razor is a logical fallacy.
They lack imagination and leak imbecility.
Keep looking until there are no more details
GNASHY LITTLE SKULLS WITH even SMALLER SKULLS FOR TEETH! DO YOU HEAR THE JINGLERATTLER, FROZEN IN TIME A SINGLE TONE?
I WOULD LIKE TO ASSERT DIRECT CONTROL OF ANYTHING THAT CAN PET CHAO. CHAO MUST DEVELOP A GOOD HEART.
If you're with me, then you're against me.
I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel. --Terry pratchett
A will to exist is a will to die, somewhere somwho should randomly know that about ? vn.
This sentence is a memory you are having in the future.
God supports but doesn't endorse believers.
When you notice how absurd life is, smile - Your face will get stuck that way!
the void does not exist
The revolution will not be televised, We now return you to your regularly scheduled program.
At the end you see it clear
Few are privy though many still know, the last trees reside in bohemian grove.
Most people I know claim to be animal lovers, yet most people I know eat animals.
The measure of the greatness of a society lies in how it treats its weakest members. The measure of a person lies in how they react when presented with the truth.
The most innocent members of our society suffer the most undue injustices on the largest scale, while child rapists receive better treatment; I'm talking about animals.
If you're not outraged, then you're not paying attention.
Image is everything is only half true: In a world without investigative journalism, image is everything.
Accept what people wish to give, Not what you want to take
Everything is on fire, and I love it
what if jesus has come back numerous times and we just keep throwing him in insane asylums?
Focus and Intent. Intent then Focus. Wield your perception.
Please question the following answer: Penguin.
to be is not to be
WHat if this is but a dream from which i have not yet awoken?
“To be is to do”—Socrates “To do is to be”—Jean-Paul Sartre “Do be do be do”—Frank Sinatra
What nepotism is to dharma, despotism is to karma... --Thus spake Sujata D.
the shadow of the form is the form.
Superstition is bad luck.
The size of the mouth is inversely proportional to the size of the brain
you couldn't make this stuff up so they did
the only person you will never leave is yourself
Always remember that you're unique. Just like everyone else.
WE should be Moore serious ab out not taking seriousness seriously.
The truth must sleep before its awaken! -k
WOW hard words out of a gods mouth
Join the more gooder grammar society! Because more gooder is always more better, always do your bestest!
You can't polish a turd But you can roll it in glitter
Wherever you are you will aways be there.
it took seeing my feet cut up and bloody to realize how long i'd been dragging them
Indifference that ignores what should be done, is a black hole
civilization is the denial of shit
Resistance is fertile
our bored brains need information overload
Existence in of itself is the greatest joke; and while everyone is fighting and crying over it, I choose to be the one laughing.
eris gives you wings - to stay above the b.s.
we stand on the shoulders of midgets
When seagulls follow the trawler it is because they think sardines will be thrown into the sea
NOTHING IS IMMORAL, EVERYTHING IS FORBIDDEN.
ignorance is hell.
change is inevitable....except from vending machines.
the past is dead country
we judge ourselves through the eyes of others
which colour had schroedinger's cat?
bishop takes choirboy knight takes bishop
scientists are now creating genetically-modified clawless asshampsters at the behest of richard gere.
prosecutors will be violated.
Wizard? What wizard? tHAT'S JUST A LITTLE MAN ON A FOOTSTOOL.
Fortified shadows of weakened construction
stop searching for light at the end of A tunnel because there are no real tunnels
the universe operates on multiple frequencies and if you stand still long enough you can hear some of them
i'm beyond understanding now i'm overstanding hence all the misunderstandings
God supports believers, but he definitely prefers atheists.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
i can't turn wine into water and who would drink it?
There are always plenty of reasons not to do something
they shoot presidents, don't they?
Fight Me
All baby opportunities are cute. Imagine this opportunity as a teenager.
We should stop believing in the theories and start to believe the facts
the priests: they choose a life of renunciation and claim to know better than us how to live.
90% of us tend to believe more in a sentence if it presents the percentages.
We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty
change is an inside job
I was young and I needed the money
A blurred mind changes its orbit
eris is my higher power
it rubs the lotion on its skin and then puts its shoes in the basket. tug, tug, tug! sniff, sniff, sniff!! eeuwww!!!
the future is here now
be careful what you search for. You may find it.
ERIS YOU ARE IN CONTROL OF MY LIFE (CHAOUS rules)
i suffer from a terminal disease called life
Erisianism is the ancient religion for modern times
There is no such thing as truth...Only opinion. Nor that which actually happened...Only perspective
Lark of the Morning Bowel Movement Tremendous
If graffiti changed anything they'd make it illegal, Oh wait...
I believe there's nothing to believe. Listen to franz ferdinand.
THe alarm goes off. "hurry! They'll be here in a few minutes!" No, im not breaking into someone's house. I'm breaking into the day.
Think while it's still illegal
Only fools are sure of themselves and Iam sure of this!!
A little pain actually hurt everyone who has experienced a little pain.
Don't fart then inhale it
Sighting Locations Location: London, England, United Kingdom Location Lookup Sign up for Alerts! RSS Bookmark Share Print The following ISS sightings are possible from Wednesday Dec 23, 2015 through Friday Jan 1, 2015
Run screaming all you want, the void won't hear you
If you FIND THE OTHERS On The Road, kill them.
One doesn't have to enjoy themselves to be happy
This phrase is invisible, can read it only who masturbates.
Finland is the european Molise. (Italians will understand).
Life is Beautiful. It is the world sucks.
I am high, bye
opportunity is knocking. loudly.
fUCK YOU AND ALL YOUR YUPPIE KIND.
FUCKING YUPPIES.
People who are dancing look crazy to people who can't hear the music.
Singular Souls Siphoning Shiva this is the holy dance which ends the world
in Italy we have freedom of opinion but no freedom of speech.
a belief is an idea you've stopped questioning
Fortune Favours the lucky
I determined that when I grew up I was going to be a crackpot. (Kerry thornley)
Fortune fucks over the bold
A Little pain never hurt anyone
to free yourself from others' power you must overcome your own inertia, or exploit it
Do you a fever go to sleep and wake up as sleep,your worries will stay awake.
the posthumous will judge.
I hate being Bipolar...it's fuckin awesome.
Are you worried that you'll outlive your retirement fund?
You either wait your turn or you make your turn
Blaspheme lowers blood pressure, says The Science.
I have nothing against god. is his fan club that scares me.
think for yourself, Schmuck!
For further illumination, consult your pineal gland!
Magick is the technology of the unconscious.
Nothing has ultimate truth; Anything remains possible.
I just stole ten seconds of your life.
f you dont believe in time then distance becomes irrelevant and teleportation becomes possible
Reading is just staring at a dead piece of wood for hours and hallucinating
Truly I say to you, he who seeks, shall find: and quite often, he shall wish he hadn't.
chemically speaking, alcohol is a solution
the stupid flesh has to come off
We Universe Itself
Care with higiene. Don't tap the future after tablets, hum if your present is pigeons clouds. They shit on it, and taping pigeon shit is non-higiene place.
No bird whistle in the anti-ghost prision.
if Life sucks, cum on her lips
Try to think the thought that hurts the most.
what is future
Have you ever have had a dream - that you, um, you hads, your, you, you could, you’ll do, you um, you wants, you, you could do so, you , you’ll do, you could, you you, you um want, you want them, to do you so much, you could do anything?
think_about( "" == "".join([random.choice(string.letters) for dummy_i in float(inf)]) )
"destroy memes" is a meme
hope is self-replicating
reality doesn't understand itself.
Pickup artists and garbage men should swap names
democracy is a fact. tirany is a fact. anarchy is a fact.
I SCRATCH MY BACK, you scratch your back. i don't like contact with human beings.
I am my own god now
Don't quote this
It's not the length 0r the humility
Do you feel that on the back of your neck?
Why do you believe that you're reading this?
The chao goes mu.
The brotherhood is edgy, but the establishment fills many more graves and cages.
The fantasy worlds created in advertisements are always themselves devoid of advertisements.
You were alone before they left you
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance then baffle them with bullshit.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
I am a liar and honnest about it
The dream we have whilst awake is the fork in the road we at first avoid, but then after realising there's no other option, reluctantly take - The path is as endless as the hopes within the dreamer.
Free will is compulsory.
History is made at night. Character is what you are in the dark.
be ignorant is not a problem, it is to want to stay at all costs that is unforgivable ...
HAIL THIS GOURD! -Q
whom slumbers with an itchy bottom, awakens with a smelly finger
Everybody is only thinking about themselves, only i AM thinking about myself.
FNORD YOUR SYSTEM
Who watches the people watching the people watching the people watching the watchers?
In the land of the dickless the man with one nut is king
HAIL THIS CORD! -Q
There are two kinds of people; those who can complete a thought
There are three kinds of people; those who can count and those who can't.
OK Soda emphatically rejects anything that is not OK, and fully supports anything that is
OK Soda does not subscribe to any religion, or endorse any political party, or do anything other than feel OK.
Don't be fooled into thinking there has to be a reason for everything.
There is no real secret to feeling OK.
OK Soda may be the preferred drink of other people such as yourself.
the important thing is to cum...
The only thing that applies to every physical phenomenon in the universe is the "Your Mom" joke.
Some people can only think within an infinite recursion of boxes.
Marx invented capitalism.
onion rings are vegetable donuts
lobsters are mermaids to scorpions
vocÃª esperava por uma frase em portuguÃªs?
lasagna is just spaghetti flavored cake
cookie dough is the sushi of desserts
surely if tomato is a fruit then that makes ketchup a jam
it's weird that we cook bacon and bake cookies
your stomach thinks all potatoes are mashed
Leadership is for people who don't know what they're doing.
Confusion is the only reliable indicator of thought
A CONFUSION IS JUST WHEN YOU START THINKING
Tick tick tick
Imprint your reality here.
Confront the system.
I can feel the limits of my brains processing power.
I am the voice in your head.
Hail/Beware the heretical order of eternal anarchy
the next time you make a purchase hand the clerk a 1 dollar bill and ask her to make change. she will hand you back a number of coins, several which bear the likenesses of several long dead historical figures...
Blessed are they with a good left hook.
Blessed are the trouble makers
Everyone wants to live like the oppressors and bitch like the oppressed.
If you only do what is right, you will miss out on what is left.
If you only do what is right, you will miss out on what is right.
I cannot tell a lie, but I promise that I will.
vagina dentata (...at #5582, apparently this is the first meme to mention vagina? or are these meme edited and purged?)
Even when in doubt, i believe myself.
The only thing you can be certain of is that you can read this.
Imagination is good, but don't forget that reality needs help to get there
I'm sorry you're an alcoholic.
Sometimes it's not enough merely to teach. One has to punish as well.
Keep your dreams alive--never stop sleeping
The best way to foster innovation is to stand in the way of fostering innovation, thus necessitating it.
Orwell was an optimist
"Black holes are where God divided by zero." - Steven Wright
"If I didn't know better I'd think." - Rock Cowles
Cogito Ergo Periculosus - I Think, Therefore, I am Dangerous
I take not taking life too seriously very seriously. - Rock Cowles
"I antagonize almost everyone I meet. I think its a mirth defect." - Rock Cowles
If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, it's likely not wearing any pants.
Opportunity knocked, but i was in the shower.
It's like shawshank redemption, except with more tunnelling through shit and no fucking redemption. - m. Tucker
The new world order is sorted descending.
Reality is that which doesn't go away when you open your eyes; the real world is that which doesn't go away when you close your eyes.
Just because it kind of makes sense doesn't mean it's correct.
The only universal truth is that there are no universal truths.
Everything is true; everything else is bullshit.
Everything happens for no reason
Legalize poverty
monsters are all scratch 'n' snuff
i Always feel the urge neeD to run after pipe-dreams
do you ever feel like god has a plan and you are the only one who can stop it?
Don't Read This sentence or the next one. Now Read the previous sentence again.
"Discordia" is one letter change away from "dickordia"... Think about it.
World's Best Dad
PEGGY FLEMING is stealing BASKETBALLS to feed BABIES IN VERMONT.
It puts the lotion. On its heart. Or else it gets. The life again.
If ignorance is bliss then why are cops such dicks?
Life is a lot like sex; it's most fun when it's weird, sometimes you do it alone, some people just do it for the money and when it's over you get all slimy and smell bad.
so let me get this straight... in order to be happy i'm supposed to do what i love for a living? So you want me to turn what i love into work, which i hate... That might be the dumbest plan i've ever heard, it's like the transmutation of the moron.
GOAT FUCK YOURSELF WITH DOGE MEAT. HAIL ERIS
Madness is only subjective, until the sky begains to fall.
F(n) = O(r+d)
Describe your Hate in Lessons and you start to Learn '.
well this is a strange thing, but my "psychosis" bought me here.
Somwhere over the Painbow, there's a place for the dead.
If Two People are arguing and neither has an opinion, which one is right?
Don't let signs like this one tell you what to do.
whoever wrote that last one is completely retarded
IF SOMEONE CUTS DOWN A TREE IN THE FOREST DO THEY MAKE A NOISE WHEN IT FALLS ON THEM
19februholidamned
I feel like the "big picture" was drawn by a Muppet controlled by someone high on PCP.
Fuck god I love her
Save the banks lol
Clara mascara
Where is rez ist when i need her?
go fuck yourself No really
Kook cain
lux levit fiat. solar reich. hell yeah mofo.
but you can visit me at hospital kirschberg, luxembourg, from 14:00 to 20:00. Please bring a bunch of crap. also if you haven^t read "thus spoke zarathustra" at this point then you probably deserve to die".
transmute pain into love, love into lust, lust into rain. yeah, make it rain for me please! I'm locked up in a mental hospital because obviously i am out of my fucking mind.
Cecile janvier, isabellah eastwood, charlotte jekaterina, amelia holme. Come on girls, give them light before they put us all out! sincerely, ellllooo??
Soooo technically, the apocal happens on the 19th of february 2015. or the 21st. it depends on a bunch of girls.
138 dys ony sos
Oops bi did it again
Constant mutation is the key to self rotation
349bdays till.darmagedoom.
Being a atheist and a discordian, is simply finding the beauty in chaos. but then, who defines chaos?
These monsters are people
Its my car crash and im gonna damn well enjoy it
I's my train wreck, and I'll stare if I want to
My mess is a life
PLEASE DO GO INSANE WHILE REMAINING SANE PLEASE NOTE THE PRECEDING ISN'T A REAL QUANTUM INTERCAL STATEMENT
Laugh as though no one is dancing
I ll never need to see the sun again
Your smile or your life
build the ethernet with light love and power already.
ISABELLAH
August Victoria hospital
Kilmalosa323
you can even marry harry
teenager i'm coming for zou (23LX631)
That was a lie ooooofcccc hahAHAHA
Back to yellow tomorrow
I just healed my ass with hot sauce.
12 OHlauer st. 12OHST. Yallah 23
Constant mutation is the key to self elevation
Baby be my queen forever and ever.
Cecile Grace Janvier
I be the motherfucking hype bomb
Motherfucker who you playing
your opinions are just that. opinions. don't force them on other people.
Law = X/0
BOnkbonkbonkbonk Bonkbonk Bonkbonkbonk Tits
My fetish is heterosexual intercourse in the missionary position between a married man and woman.
Fuck the System? Fuck the Man? Fuck this shit? Nah, find a cute person you like and Fuck them, Fuck them hard!
Murphey's law always brings good luck, you mortals just don't see it that way. (The Goddess Murphey)
The wheel of time keeps circling round. Sometimes we go up, sometimes we go down..
If nothing can exist independently of anything else, then wouldn't that mean that there exists exactly one thing (particularly, a 'nothing') that actually exists in a way that is entirely independent of every other thing? (sidenote: 'every other thing' includes more things than 'everything,' because 'everything' is only one 'thing,' and 'every other thing' must be at least 3 'things.')
I see people dying all the time. Sometimes they laugh, sometimes their eyes roll, but i prefer when they just whimper; then i can at least eat my sandwich in peace.
"Ahem," said the king, "tomorrow you will all be dead, so make sure to pack your things tonight; i told you yesterday and look what happened."
If you Fall in a pit of spiders, just ensure that they are at least marsupials.
EXPECTATIONS ARE MEARLY PRECONCEIVED DISAPPOINTMENTS!
BLACK IS TOO BRIGHT FOR US,
I don't care about fooling others, but I dislike fooling myself, especially about foolish things. To fool myself about serious things is actually a delight.
Change is NOT coming. It has never gone away.
Certainty is the only uncertainty. All the rest is certain.
Science is true whether or not you believe it, but religion is true whether or not it’s true.
Heresy is for the open-minded
http://principiadiscordia.com/memebombs/kwotes.pl?action=show&id=5478
That's not ironic! See, it would be considered "ironic" if
dqqobdobdqbbdoqbdbqobdbqobdbqdoqbo
The quote below this one is a lie.
todo es perfecto cuando no todo es perfecto
It's not my struggle
RECEIVING ANAL SEX TRIGGERS MALE'S RECEPTIVITY
You are one tragedy away from dying.
This sentence has never been written.
Normal is a curve.
I refuse to acknowledge that confirmation bias and cognitive dissonance exist.
Psychedelic drugs are illegal because where time is used as an implement of criminal punishment, distorting the perception of time is a revolutionary act.
I do hesitate to ask.
Approbio si latine loqueris
I invented plagiarism.
Fuck your limits. Apologize to their spouses.
i just tooted. nope, that was doodoo.
Time is an illusion. lunch time doubly so.
Today is a holiday invented by greeting card companies to make people feel like crap.
Welcome to the English Language, population: Not You.
I'd pay a lot of money to watch Samuel L. Jackson curse out an infant.
Catastrophe is always just around the corner.
choice != control
i've made this far without knowing what a meme is and it's never bothered me at all
without chaos, there can not be order
Booby Booby Bum Bum
If you can relate to this statement you've probably lied to yourself today at least once.
Civil war is an oxymoron.
"Hauch"
EVERYTHING IS WIND, ONLY THE WIND IS NOT WIND
For NOw, I've discounted suicide in favor of killing everyone else in the entire world instead.
you don't know about the future yet.........i don't think your'e gonna like the one your gonna get.
happiness is not a birthright, you must be thinking of death.
everything was better, back when everything was worse.
Religion teaches us that when a man commits adultery it is the woman's fault unless it is the women's fault.
i like my illusions better, thank you very much.
The world is a prison without bars, a concentration camp without barbed wire.
The risk I took was calculated, but man am I bad at math.
California dreaming blame Hofmann
If you can't laugh about it, you're probably not respecting it enough (Καμιγκάζι)
Is anybody driving this motherfucking clown-car monkey train?
if you're not doing whatever the hell you want you're wasting your potential
If an asshole is someone that makes you question the things that you care about, then we need more assholes.
This sentence is false.
the first step to any murder is to have fun and be yourself
NO ONE SAVES YOU
He was as nervous as a cat in a room full of accountants.
Obscurity bears no heroes
Duck
Remember how it stung? Who even asked for Sympathy?
The penis mightier than the sword. The kerning better than last time.
Fnord is the color that only the blind can see.
"etwas" means something in german.
If fancy isn't normative, then what is love?
"really bro, quit writing everything that i say on that stupid fucking website" -the drumming bird of paradox
"please stop quoting me" -the drumming bird of paradox
"...and you can quote me on that" -the drumming bird of paradox
"...the beat goes on for the drumming bird, whose feathers fan the wind that will eventually blow the mind...for the trips that i've been taking are more than only mine." -the drumming bird of paradox
"you should not believe everything that you see on the internet" -abraham lincoln
"break on through to the other side" -some drunk guy
"You can only eat so much rust" -the drumming bird of paradox
"did I do that?" -Steve urkel
"Some dogs don't care what they look like" - the drumming bird of paradox
Peace is never built upon corpses. The house from 'poltergeist' was built upon corpses.
kill the planet, save the universe.
the cia is monitoring you through computer chips in your gmo foods! veganize now!!!!
Youthanize yourself
Think for your snuff and question everything you nose.
think for yourself or question everything and know nothing
Question Everything you know and think nothing for yourself
Love scares empty hearts
His argument follows like a pedophile to an ice cream truck.
I'm only writing these things til I see them turn up someplace in the contagious cacophony of callous culture's metastasized media.
How high is high enough? Til the question changes to,"which way is up?".
It is with a deep sense of joy and wonder that I wish these few larblishes help you shack off the smeckles of nimb lecklisness and brim qwirkqwishly in the deep helber swuag.
Their planet's surface is characterized by a ceaseless wind much like the kind made by speaking through loose fitting dentures or the nocturnal nostril noises of snoring somnambulists.
Dear mr. Rumsfeld, to whom do I submit the receipts for the 19 box cutters?
Discordia is the study of MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Yes i did .
Darwin believed that stories without happy endings should be abolished. I wonder if he knew ho his would end?
If Ayn rand had had children she could have stopped atlas from shrugging.
People are so impressed with the speed of light, what about the speed of dark. Did you see how dark got outta there like his ass was on fire when you hit that switch?
A protagonist needs an antagonist. Without one there wouldn't be much of an audience
Jesus popped his mother's cherry.
MONEY DOESN'T BUY HAPPINESS. IT JUST BRIBES MISERY TO GO AWAY AND BOTHER SOMEONE ELSE FOR A WHILE.
しょがない。
Do you think that went well?
Then why do you do it?
Stamp out anti-semanticism. Stamp out philately.
Under no circumstances can you use the same logic for absolutely everything.
No purpose necessary
Please refrain from pissing in the gene pool.
A Point of perfection, thats where we left from .
Extungished moralaty is selfestead Punishment...
If you can't read this: then you need to learn to spot the (f) (n) (o) (R) (d) (s)
Change is here to stay. (And nostalgia isn't what it used to be.)
to be indifferent is to be truly isolated and more or less dead inside.
Average is such a mean word
All fact is open to question but opinion is real
I think you came to late.
thats the point of it all, masturbate, feel relieved, and keep on with what you're doing
go ahead and write something that makes you look more inteligent, original or sarcastic.
al principio era una realidad sin nombre, ahora es un nombre sin realidad. cHaos
You can keep reading, it's all a lie anyway.
Please do not lick the paintings
Orange Bob Chicken Noodle Arrow of Time Arrow of Time
now Flyn all around, it turns out to be a little bit of a strange maniac, but still loves the sound. but there b4 have been really Nothing alowed to spit on. but a green mass.... , Greetings !!! seems to know a higher intiligence since using Voltairs ^^
Is the Earth really rotatin', or is it me, still not drunk 2 fUck ?! The Thermaldetonator in my brain says, that we're both not knowing ... because I would really like to kiss Ma ass :)
Is the earth really rotating, or is it me not drunk enough ?
Is the earth really rotating, or did i not drink enough ?
Would some of you boys and girls would like to have a Holographic Magnetfield projektor with integrated Transport-ring Technolegy ? Please say Kallisti !
Save Thing ! Provide a Mirror Dimension to our Earth Axis of 23,5 degree, inside a Energy field around it, by help of my own little nano machines, to get a correct field of Vibration. it's no use, now the Alien Survives. I'm somehow proud of beeing it's mother, father, Son, but not driving a Maserati ^^
question Again: "Would this or that complete the real amazing helium Deathstar ?" Zero 2 Silent Z
At least i know how to live a Painfull life instead of beeing death ! Question : "does that make me a Necron ?"
Seems like we ain't got silver in out toungues but my pee is golden
It's always interesting to see what happens when a man suddenly realizes that being crazy can pay.
Is discrimination solved by discriminating the discriminators?
No costume is no costume
Aristotle was a dick.
No gods, no masterpieces
When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure.
You do not read what I wrote. I dID not write what you read.
you want me to save energy- in a universe made of energy?
God is a word.
Ordo ab chao, brassica!
Maybe i'm dyslexic... Maybe i'm Agnostic... Maybe i'm an Insomniac. Either way this matters not, because every night i lie awake wondering about dog!
Many people would rather die than think; in fact, most do. Bertrand Russell
if a prediction can lead to changes in the system that the prediction is made in relation to, it becomes difficult to assess the predictions with the events that actually occur.
This sentence is indeterminate.
This is where i get off.
The Market demand escalation of all things because anything else is slavery.
Think about what you are thinking
A.D Stands for After Death, A.T for Altes Testament, E.D for Erease Data and A.I for Artificial Intilligence, but don't worry, it's all wrong so you dont have to and won't remember ! Your cock probably doesn't seem'ed to be Working anyway áŽ¤.
The moon called Nanna, seem to stay our Baal for this short life threateaning period and amount of time, but it's the Faggots "Nibe" Golden Path of wrong-Perverted Ideologie that was Bombed and Roothless.. Flying baby shit!
A Chilld in the hood, is your boot in my ass !
The past tense of regret is indecision.
Without fuck ¡
trechia then the treachiousness: Call'd me !
RESTRUBIOTION DOESN't pass matter 'v
Both are fools but who knows?
Simple answers Doesn't look the same Â¡!Â¡
Precios mind don't allow to think
Private parking in Area only !
Life is deadly, I know of nobody who survived it.
Ordo ab Chao ....
A doctor, an architect, and a computer scientist were arguing about whose profession was the oldest. In the course of their arguments, they got all the way back to the Garden of Eden, whereupon the doctor said, "The medical profession is clearly the oldest, because Eve was made from Adam's rib, as the story goes, and that was a simply incredible surgical feat." The architect did not agree. He said, "But if you look at the Garden itself, in the beginning there was chaos and void, and out of that, the Garden and the world were created. So God must have been an architect." The computer scientist, who had listened to all of this said, "Yes, but where do you think the chaos came from?"
All your mistakes are performance art
You know that opinions are like asses (everyone has one), what happens is that you can't get a good one by means of surgery.
The world may look flat, but if you shake it, it fizzes right back up again.
Atheists are the most religious people you'll ever met.
I'm not a man, I'm an imaginary number!
You know that opinions are like assholes (everyone has one), what happens is that you can't get a good one by means of surgery.
We don't have an oversight problem. We have an undersight problem.
Your freedom is not under attack, in order to attack a thing it must exist.
Expectations are preconceived disappointments!
The Universe is just a short poem
There are no such thing as losers. Just winners who have never won! BML
Hoard anything you can't download
Lives no longer feel like stories
It's OK to stop wanting to be an individual
My problem is that I have been persecuted by an integer.
I was a servant of god... Then I got fired.
on plobzar, all the politicians are green.
Evolve from Orwell's pigs to Berksons monkeys!
if it is everyone's belief, that's culture. If it is just your belief, that's psychosis.
Common sense is common nonsense.
if you don't sin, Jesus died for nothing.
Is this a nightmare, or am i still awake?
This is a pipe.
are you a Bart or a Lisa?
if you fear death, relax, you'll live through it. . .or you wont.
ask yourself: "why should I trust your track record?"
Do you own your ego, or does your ego own you?
Happiness is a state of mind, but paranoid schizophrenia is way more fun.
Insanity — a perfectly rational adjustment to an insane world.
A year from now, what will I wish I had done today?
I love you too.
Consciousness is like the roundness of a sphere.
I may see the glass as half-empty but it makes me happy cuz I know I'm that much closer to being drunk.
Enlightenment is masturbatory
there is no god, the goddess prevails
Existence is just a game G*d plays with himself... A game he appears to be losing.
When you work at the limits of your abilities, you can't possibly know what you're doing.
Life and death' both are tough sentences
solipsists of the world- unite
Truth is a lie, just like this sentence.
Nothing validates my existence more, than the appetite for YOUR own self destruction.
Home is where the disease is
YOU MIGHT BE A DISCORDIAN IF... YOU'VE BEEN CHARGED WITH MALICIOUS MISCHIEF AT LEAST 5 TIMES AND YOU CAN'T UNDERSTAND WHY THE JUDGE DOESN'T FIND IT FUNNY TOO.
You might be a discordian if... your sense of humor has brought you to the attention of the nsa.
Solar powered drones, if they aren't already, will soon be monitoring all of the world and crushing dissent with precision guided missiles. On the bright side though they are solar powered.
then a lamentable faculty arose in their spirits, that of seeing stupidity and no longer being able to tolerate it. - G. flaubert
as with all men, his lot was to live in bad times. - j. l. Borges
me and this job are like a hen trying to hatch a cactus !
it beats me how anybody can support a religion that takes a scene of capital punishment as its central image. - annie proulx
Ask not what you can do for your cunt, ray, but what your cunt, ray, can do for you !
Sure, you say you like mysticism but when I sacrifice your cat you get all weird on me.
"Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean I'd love to be skinny like that but not with all those flies and death and stuff." -Mariah Carey
Robots bleed red
Surprise is an antidote to paranoia
I will be back in 10 years from now to delete this message. I promise.
I'm not arrogant, I just have a low opinion of others
The thing about equality is, everyone is equal when you're dead.
I think therefore i can, i can therefore i must
Warning: Certain concepts have been infected and deemed unsafe. Please do not think about the following words: golden apple, fnord, 23 skidoo.
Attention: if you have been infected by the spill on Church street, please see Father Malaclypse for exorcism
I can do magic. I flip a switch and the light turns off.
God is an ice cream flavor reserved for the fearful and the disadvantaged
HAIL TETRIS!
"Let's Keep our Stupid on the inside"-Indi Riverflow
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -- I tore off my clothes and ran screaming through the trees
An unborn face entailed a naked mind.
Equality for all !!! Tax god and satan !!!
I will now demonstrate my time mach... I will now demonstrate my time mach... I will now demonstrate my time machine ! Huh, the batteries are already dry?
i only disagreed with your opinion so you would go defend with your life my right to say it...
Capitalism eats itself -- while you wait
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
There's nothing wrong with mondays, it's your job that sucks.
"Common Sense" is one of the great oxymorons, like "Happily Married" or "Military Intelligence".
The statement "the pen is mightier than a sword." Also applies when talking about penises. No, I'm not bitter.
TO BE IS TO DUDE.
Death is not only for you.
Life is not only for you.
I really hope Kubrick did direct the moon landing, because that means there's footage of him screaming at a tear-strewn Buzz Aldrin.
"I begged Eris for mercy, and the power to be victorious. I only got one." -Foxius
I don't want to believe this statement.
I want this statement to be false.
I'm a creationist; I refuse to believe that I could have evolved from man.
The meaning of life is [DATA EXPUNGED].
Laugh at this sentence, please.
You are the voice in your head.
we take the naps we think we deserve.
How can you be paranoid, knowing that that's exactly what they want?
if you take everything out of the inside you end making a new inside
Follow ME - I'll be right behind you
They promised me fiery doom, but all i ever got was this lukewarm failure
Doesn't this all seem a bit weird to you?
love to see it happen
I promise... Or not.. Or do... Whatever.
"You wish to fight the darkness? You want to try to eradicate the very thing that comes after light? The being that never leaves? The essence that hides all evil? Are you stupid?" - Foxius
If there's an almighty god who's not a failure, the one you've been hearing about could only be an impostor. But that only makes sense if you're sane, and as saint paul amply demonstrated, sanity is overrated.
Poking shit with a stick accomplishes nothing, except makes it smell even worse.
It is better to learn to embrace the darkness than to waste electricity turning on all the lights and making them explode.
Please save the monsters who are getting killed
"Newfags can't triforce"? ▼ ▼ ◙◙◙◙◙ explain that.
Newfags can't triforce
▲ ▲ ▲
▲
One who defends those around him may be brave, but is also stupid. I wished I was stupid, sometimes. - Foxius
February 28th is national enjoy nothing day.
those who speak don't speak, those who know don't know.
lass mich arzt, ich bin durch!
Her mariage. On his suit, a flower of blood where the bullet had pinned it.
Is there an officer, problem ?
Freedom is a lie, but lies will make you free.
Heaven must be hell if you're afraid of heights.
150 years ago the entire worlds population did not exist. 150 years from now every living human will be dead.
The world ended last year and nobody noticed.
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was making you think there is only one of him.
If you can read this you must have magical powers.
Pull Gods metaphysical finger.
alzheimer macht frei
Smile. It irritates everyone.
There's no upside to believing in what's true.
Would you vote for a guy who wants to govern you?
We know where you are. We know where you've been. We can more or less know what you're thinking about.
wait,
Eris may help you. Most likely, she will not. -Foxius
if one lives long enough in chaos it happend that the things Order oneself - or Themself - LOL
I contradict myself? Well, good thing! I contradict myself I own: I am able to take a lot!
Never trust translation programs online - they mislead you - happend to me often!
I contradict myself? Well, good thing! I contradict myself I own: I am unable to take a lot!
There is no absolute Freedom!
Wait long enough and Choas is part of US - sorry you!
You want logic, justice, and order? In what universe do you live?
Censorship vs. freedom of expression - i donÂ´t care! Money is all i want! Lol!
the most things on the Internet is a waste of time but a nice kind of wasting your time! TO Know what is time-wasting and what is useful or good too keep, you have to test it all - OMG!
IF Chaos is order and order is Chaos is there chaos and order or just existence without definition
Everybody wants freedom for himself and prison for the others
Science is a Matter of Belief therefore its just a Subject for the scientists of comparative Religion
The biggest mistake ever done was giving you a keyboard and access to the internet
I’m Not Delusional, I’m An Entrepreneur
Hokum all ye faithful
The Vain Search is a search in vain
They say life is short, life is the longest thing you'll ever do.
Patriotism is for foreigners
I see incipient boredom in the faces of all around me. woe is them! Especially that loser in my mirror. no way is that me...
Without changing our pattern of thought, we will not be able to solve the problems we created with our current patterns of thought.
The obvious is not what needs no proof, but what people do not want to prove.
If we saw tomorrow’s newspaper today, tomorrow would never happen.
Don't believe anyone believes everything they think.
Protection when you least expect it
Solipsists of the world unite.
It's the quiet ones you've got to watch. Listening to them is pointless.
They never tell you about all the other little engines that couldn't
Put down mass media hysteria for revolutionary euphoria! Now only $2.99!
One should cry to find purpose and laugh to forget it.
Where there is power there is resistance.
out of sight, out of mind - invisible, insane.
Falling from a great height does not kill, but the sudden stop will,
Bitches be bitches or HOES, SLUTS AND SHIT.
Life is a hard life.
Santanism is the practice of sacrificing your children to the false god of economic exponentialism.
"Time's up... or left?"
the only normal people you know are people you don't know that well.
every man is happy until happiness is suddenly a goal
Why not?
OGLUM BAK GiT!
Do or do not there is no try. Is not trying doing in parts?
What is the first question?
I lost My mood ring and I don't know how to feel about it.
Forgive those who hate you, and those who you hate, for love and hate are two sides of the same coin. hate is love poisoned, love opposed is apathy.
Everything happens, not for a reason. but everything happens.
the worst feeling isn't losing someone you love. and it's not loving someone who won't love you back. it's wholeheartedly and unstoppably loving someone who does not love you...anymore.
If you think there's an answer to life, you're thinking too hard
'I wish you could hear my voice the way I hear it.', Murtaza Rai
War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
All supposedly 'selfless' acts are entirely selfish. when someone wants to give money to charity they are selfishly doing what they want to do.
Equal or eQuality are the grandest fallacies and unnormal Myth's believed by humanity , and cause of continued non-logical thinking. but also a source of much hate...and "unequaled" inside jokes
='Hey, wait! I'm having one of those things. You know, a headache with pictures.' ==='An idea?' ='Uhm! mm mm mm!'
Philosophy is the systematic abuse of a terminology specifically designed for that purpose
As one Judge said to another: `'Be Just, and if you can't be just be arbitrary.''
Impeach the constitution
...there is only black, or white. cause grey is, either washed out black, or dirty white... T.B.
What women really care about is the ability to kill their children.
Thank God for Existenialism.
Don't worry, be metal
Solidarity with everyone, against no-one.
fuck bitches, get money.
there are no stupid questions, just ignorant people.
impulsive decisions are adventurous decisions.
The Beginning is Near.
So what reason did me punching you in the face happen for?
Do you find this question offensive?
tHERE IS NO SUCH THING AS: SUPERNATURAL. just because its wierd to you or you cant understand it doesnt make it outside of nature.
THERE IS NOTHING UN-NATURAL. eVERYTHING THAT EXISTS IS PART OF NATURE, WHICH IS EVERYTHING
THERE IS NOTHING UN-NATURAL. eVERYTHING THAT EXISTS IS PART OF NATURE, WHICH IS EVERYTHING tHERE IS NO SUCH THING AS: SUPERNATURAL. just because its wierd to you or you cant understand it doesnt make it outside of nature. CHAOS DOESNT EXIST. SOMTHING MAY BE OUT OF (ANY OBVIOUS) CONTROL OR MAY BE TOO MUCH TOO COMPREHEND BUT EVERYTHING IN "OBSERVABLE MATERIAL REALITY", EVEN EXPLOSIONS AND RIOTS HAPPEN ACCORDING TO A PHYSICAL ORDER OF SOME SORT.
lOVE AND LOYALTY TO A GOVERNMENT IS STOCKHOLM SYNDROME
Aquiring an addiction is like growing anothers stomach that you must feed. I wouldn't reccomend it.
Honey, the whole city is full of people who hate teenagers.
How would language evolve if everyone claimed copyright on the words they invent?
the notes for which are they are noted, are not noted for being musical notes
Normality = boring-reality
Society wants people conform, but if all conformed how would society evolve
Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing.
Beware the ides of thrill rides, for they may be of poor but entertaining construction.
There's something existentially pleasing about dropping a jar of marbles in an insane asylum.
Luck is not a factor. Hope is not a strategy. Fear is not an option.
the city is upstairs
your body is a ghost factory that takes one lifetime to produce a ghost
Laugh, even if you are screaming inside. Smile because the world doesn't care if you feel like crying.
Your culture is the product of memetic engineering
You are living in Hungry Joe's dreams.
Voting in an election is like Roman galley slaves picking the drummer in that neither has much effect on where the ship will finally sink,
sometimes it is completely appropriate to be impolite.
You did it.
I would have you know, that I am much bigger in real life.
PRETEND THIS says the one thing that would make you question your beliefs
Think out of the box. Paint out of the frame. Dream out of the night.
Don't believe you know - know you believe
I know you can explain everything, but can you predict anything?
The worst you can do is kill me. What I can do to you, however, is far more horrifying. I Can wake you up.
I've got 99 problems, and my '9' key being stuck is 9 of them.
THE PENIS MIGHTIER THAN THE SWORD
Nothing happens for a reason; when it does, pay attention.
money has no real value. they do not even reflect the planet resources.
most of what you live is pure imagination : marriage, money, name, nationality, religion, job, etc. all are human inventions.
if martians were psychologists they would have described the mars rovers as : curious, solitary creatures with a strong passion for the rocks ("rockofillia"). analyzing behaviors is pointless and unscientific.
there is no such thing as "cause and effect", everything is an effect.
a brain capable of memory develops behavior, the rest are just reacting.
Life is the leading cause of world fatalities
The Sun impregnated the Earth with its photonic sperm; we are all their children.
be aware that the illuminati have infiltrated this archive and outnumbered our sage nonsense with moralistic catch phrases.
In a world this absurd the sane man realizes that he has no grasp on reality.
This statement is a lie.
"you can't find some things on the internet." Are you sure? I'd better go look that up.
God created the world and everything in it right after he found an instruction manual telling him how to do it.
Discordians do it with... oh my god! where did all these bugs come from?!?! They're coming out of my skin, holy shit! How can you think about sex at a time like this?
I'm always having premonitions way too late.
He's reaching for perspective and found this place. The poor bastard. My god, that's a terrifying thought.Like reaching for a life preserver, and finding a six foot tall penis with rows and rows of razor sharp teeth on its tentacles.
It is what it is and it aint what it aint. if it was what it aint, then it aint what it was - ryan dobson
When knowledge is managed, only managers will have knowledge.
I could cure cancer! unless i can't and then i won't.
...and then there is this faggot...
if you are happy and you know it - wipe your tears
Before saving the world, first do the dishes.
In the Church, some men put on priestly robes to devote themselves to spreading the message of Christ just as other men do so at the prospect of sexually exploiting vulnerable children; likewise with the state. Some men and women become police officers in the hope of protecting the innocent and upholding the law while others do so to hit people with sticks and extort drugs or sexual favours from the victims of the state.
Two wrongs don't make a Right...but three lefts do!
I am the king of all iconoclasts
what did you lap up today?
Maybe you're a product too
The wages of sin are death! (of course, After taxes, it's really more of a tired feeling....)
This is not mind control, ...............................Think about it. _Mad Poet
Beneath the paving stones, the Beach Boys!
Mistakes aren't always regrets
You are only happy by accident.
Before it was a bomb, it was an idea. Superman is a stronger, faster, better idea.
God doesn't believe in you, either.
Just wait until the invisible hand of the market fingers *YOU*!
Clap your hands if you believe in the Federal Reserve
There is no "THEM". There is only "US".
Right now, someone is having fun without you
Common sense is neither.
"Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war..." -why cry havoc when you can wreak it?
A bit of fragrance clings to the hand that gives flowers.
Heads I win, tails you lose.
It's time to make yourself proud- and everyone else a little nervous.
Whoever said love was an ocean probably drowned.
What if the doctor told you you only had 50 more years to live?
"No Comment" is a comment.
Don't try to do no thinking Just go on with your drinking And have your fun You old son of a gun And drive home in your lincoln- Fz&TMOI
The very fact that you exist is the end product of billions of Aeons of fantastically unlikely events. Statistically you don't exist.
all truth is relative. if you think otherwise, you are absolutely wrong.
All generalisations are false
This is not here
you will not think and you will not care
Real eyes, realize, real lies.
In an infinite universe, even nothing is possible.
If you were a zombie, I'd cry when i kill you
play freebird!
You ask if I know, i know I know but I can't explain how. so i tell you i can't know, but if i can't know, then how can i tell you i can't know if you now know that i know i can't know?
where there is no war, peace is about to be screwed.
You say insane asylum like it's a bad thing?
no good deed will go unpunished!
If you're too old to play, you're doomed.
Annihilate the adversaries with laughter.
The trick is to say you're prejudiced against all races.
people who say no just need to be convinced harder
hate love - love hate
Grayface is a Pope too
Just because you are not paranoid doesn't mean they are not coming to get you.
I'll let god decide whether god exists or not.
We are the ones who seem to travel through time
A concept is the thing before you think. - Anonymouse
If at first, the idea is not absurd, don't panic. - a datable mrs.
Your insistence in objective truth is making me want to tell you grander lies
WELL YOU KNOW THEY SAY, "EVERYTHING CAN END WITH A RAZOR!".
FUCK SPARTA!
I've heard it said that beliefs are like assholes; everybody has one. That being said, I wish to inform you all, that my asshole, is the one true asshole!
My life is like a high speed chase, I know it’s going to end in a horrific crash, but I’m afraid to pull over!
If the religious are good for god, does that means the rest of us are good for nothing?
Money is like a bowl of hot soup; if you don’t blow it, you can’t enjoy it right away
is there someone standing behind me?
Believing in god makes you moral, like eating bologna sandwiches make you left handed.
Belief is a rest home for people who are tired of thinking.
what is an apple but an overly-ripe pear?Â©
the restless soul must never be allowed confinement of expression
Live. Learn. Leap..Love. ....Keep
It really is just a jump to the left.
Is "who knows" a rhetorical question?(?)
roads less traveled often lead to happier places
Be all that you can be
Actions speak louder than words... but nothing speaks louder than they who take no action
Twang gard is fo yo helff
The following statement is true; the preceding statement is false.
At no point should ever assume that the "professionals" have any clue what they are doing. We are slightly less clueless then you but we get paid to do it.
In the end, it all comes down to moving some muscles
Your unconsciousness responds to this quote quite differently from what you think
Imagine that I were you. What would you do?
Your consciousness only exists in your head, and only when you happen to think about it
Whose thought are you thinking now?
(on A toilet door) Out of order! Use the stairs.
i can spot a lesbian quicker than a toupee
Since light travels faster than sound, people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather... Not screaming and yelling like the passengers.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
I can't pretend a stranger is a long awaited friend... -RUSH
Life is not rhetorical.
It's a trap!
your parents didn't give you life, but they did bring you to the world. forgive them though; they probably didn't mean it
Stare at each eye in the mirror, over and over. You can't see yourself move
Suppose you succeed in breaking the wall with your head. And what, then, will you do in the next cell?
If you have a brain, listen to it. If you don't, follow the rules.
the essencial meaning before poee is the weight of this aphorism on flax
check the euclideanness of the geometry before entering the room
"We think that a powerful and vigorous movement is impossible without differences — "true conformity" is possible only in the cemetery." - Joseph Stalin.
Ethos under desconstruction
Find your passion for apathy
chaos is chicken pox after 30,
Abstractions don't like it when you anthropomorphize them.
"I'm sorry... my wife has no inner monologue"
Being proud of how many books you've read is the surest sign you haven't read nearly enough.
You can't have too much ambiguity.
2+2=5 for extremely large values of 2
Huh, turns out that - WAS - poison!
Sometimes I like to cover myself with Vaseline and pretend I'm a slug.
the less you know, the more you think you know. The more you know, the more you know you don't know.
Why die today ? Pay the late fee and die next week!
HE WHO SO SHALL, SO SHALL HE WHO.
Don't fuck with the government: it might reproduce!
Arrest the policeman in your head
SMASH THE STATE OF MIND
We are sorry for the inconvenience, but this is a revolution
If con is the opposite of pro, is Congress the opposite of progress?
All of the Sex with none of the calories
If it is the case that when all you have is a hammer, everything becomes a nail, then what does it mean when the only utensils left are knives?
Can it be that simple? (its JUST that simple :)
It took The Digital Revolution to make selling cans of air profitable.
Seen one fnord, seen em all.
IGNore fnords
the luminosity of this system was found to vary
everything counts in large amounts
if it keeps on raining the levees going to break
some say freedom is free, but we tend to disagree.
The White zone is for loading and unloading only
Fuck em if they cant take a joke.
Everybody farts in the same language.
The Best part of the democracy is that when everyone is wrong, then everyone is right
If you are worried, you aren't paying attention.
If you aren't worried, you aren't paying attention.
“A man comes from the dust and in the dust he will end”—and in the meantime it is good to drink vodka. -Yiddish proverb
opossums are death dealing devices and that's all i'm going to say on the matter.
you will never hear a vegan on a ham radio
I feel like jonah in the belly of a whale.
An honest politician is a national calamity.
National Security is the chief cause of national insecurity.
We're all heroes, when we look at it the right way. We're all heroes of life.
Why does God never reveal His will until we need to know? Apparently, we don’t need to know that yet.
Infinity multiplied by zero leaves us nothing but hope.
The darkest aspect of human nature: We are often afraid of the Light.
Things are great because great men did them. Men are great because they did great things.
One is the only quantity both complete and consistent.
A free world needs no leaders
There's no such thing as a free world
ALL THAT RISES MUST CONVERGE.
Living is like holding your breath. if you do it too long you die.
Warning this is not a drill, it just feels like one because the truth is deep. Digging for gold and all we find is this damn oil and suddenly we realize we have forgotten our ladder and the hole is too deep to climb out of, we greedy basterds
it is probable that more humans exist in the past than in the future. but it is more probable that where humans cease to exist they begin to be something else entirely
What is man but a bridge between animal and superman? Man must continually climb upon his own shoulders in order to see beyond himself-thus spake zarathustra
And the Battle Raged on and on: fueled by the venom of hatred for mankind...
a well rounded argument is pointless
believe the unbelievable and it won't be unbelievable any longer
Nobody is perfect. Trust your government.
Money is speech. People are mute.
Guns Protect Killers.
God bless the kufar
Pain is an illusion. An illusion that really, really hurts.
When Politicians say they want to take their country back, back to where and from who?
Have you seen Nicolas Flamel?
C.I.A. Mutha F**ker!!
free water! Take one!
The University's needle exchange program has been closed due to public outcry
we are only as free as our purchasing power permits.
Why is a raven like a writing-desk?
The appearance of any real communication from me is actually the Laws of Fives in effect.
End the unjust american occupation of disneyland!
Amateur surgeon, seeking new patients
World Peace Declared. Don't Fuck it Up!
Love my label like myself
The computer is the LSD of the corporate person
Help keep our junkyards beautiful: throw away something lovely today!
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, or what's a metaphor?
Keep up and be ahead
Stamp out bad eggs
Needs keep ahead of percepts
Prohibition makes the heart grow fonder.
It’s only class war when we fight back.
Pawn Takes king.
Disorder is order.
If you put all the economists in a line, they still wouldn't reach a conclusion.
Apparently my future self will think it's simply hilarious to send me cryptic text messages right before major life events.
Never try to convince Anybody. The best way to do so is by talking as convincingly as possible.
In the guise of noise, he receives a clarifying signal
You are one of the masks
Hallucination is no private matter
Reality lacks discretionary power
All that is colossal is fraud
There are no gold prisons
fututio, non verba.
shhh, did you hear that? that was the sound of your dreams being raped by reality.
tHINK tWICE, SPEAK ONCE
Webcams and internet are the new God, all seeing .....
Universal quantifications are always wrong.
Measure once, cut twice
A stitch in nine saves time.
The truth never set anyone free
Leap before you look
If the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results, then what is the definition of practice?
"If they can get you asking the wrong questions, they don't have to worry about the answers" Pynchon
technically the cup is always full whether it is with oxygen or water.
the secret of the universe is just that the secret of the universe
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law and some people do like assholes
i think therefore i think i am
Nothing Is true, Everything Is permitted
Preserve disorder
Roots are for vegetables
The silver-lineing comes unstiched caught in the twig of a broom of a witch falls to the ground where you toil at your feet it's just foil
it is what it is, but suffering is optional...
zed bed a loola, she's my baby...
Ultimately wise magic crystal ball divination says: MAYBE
Get 0%, win
All we have is words
its a nameless dirt road that leads to the mother- lode, it's not even a path it's just the thinnest part of the grass
Only rats stay bought
live your life such that if you wrote your biography nobody would believe it
I have wrestled with death. It is the most unexciting contest you can imagine.
You knew she was lying when you didn't see blood
The scum of the earth lurk in dark hallways
Envelopes don't mail themselves, BUDDY.
Read this like you would a good book.
I hated popular things before hating popular things got popular.
Cadres decide everything.
It’s easy to imagine the end of the world, but we cannot imagine the end of capitalism
You've been watching us but we've been watching you. Who are you with?
Sometime's people's illusions don't want people to hear the truth because they'll be destroyed.
Grab it and feel it
The free market never cured malaria.
A soldier is a man who underwent dehumanization so that he may be a weapon, for a weapon that questions the implications of it's use is of no use at all.
When the last stone from the last church falls on the last priest, Humanity will know peace.
There is no such thing as innocence. Only Degrees of guilt
The Crisis is also not a weather front
Our depression du jour is from a loss of confidence
It’s mystery all the way down.
Any revolution's great as long as our gadgets are construed to cause it
No compromise with the enemy, even if they're us
Every time the organ grinder plays, the monkey gets the itch to dance.
There is a puppy in that room over there. If you think about the puppy, he dies a horrible death. Don't let the Puppy die.
Men always generalise
"All experiences are positive. Even negative experiences are positive." -Adam Narkiewicz
No hidden agenda in this message here, no sir.
Fuck the People, I’m Already Elected
i think, therefore i am an anarchist. - j. l. hudson
the state calls its own violence law, but that of the individual crime. - max steiner
normal men have killed perpaps 100,000,000 of their fellow men in the last 50 years. - Ronald D. Laing [1967]
no problem is so big or so complicated that it can't be run away from. - Linus [in 'Peanuts']
if the average woman wold rather have beauty than brains, it's because the average man can see better than he can think. - gregory benford
if this is the best of all possible worlds, what are the others like ? - voltaire
there is something addicting about a secret. - j. edgar hoover
there comes a point when you have to stand up to reality and deny it. - garrison keillor
in the absence of choice and knowledge, cultures often turn to religion. - dan simmons
the only important elements in any society are teh artistic and the criminal, because they alone, by questioning society's values, can force it to change. - Samuel R. delany
that memebomb would have melted his mentarium like a butter stick between a whore's thighs. - Jay Lake
religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich. - napoleon
if fascism cam to americait would be on a program of americanism. - h. long
if voting could change the system, it would be against the law.
if i could turn you on, if I could drive you out of your wretched mind, if i could tell you I would let you know. - ronald d. laing
The Law has no claim to human respect. It has no civilizing mission - its only purpose is to protect exploitation. - Peter Kropotkin
"The object of life is to make sure you die a weird death. To make sure that however it finds you, it will find you under very weird circumstances. To live that kind of life . . . - Thomas Pynchon
That sickening feeling when you realize you've lost your cellphone will soon be permanent
irony is too mainstream for me
I disagree with your opinion, but I will defend to the death your right to go fuck yourself.
GOD help us...help us lose our minds.
The best things in life are imaginary
Refuse to be remastered
Jesus is 6.
there is no Jew world fnorder
i got lonely and made love to my printer, but now i cant get lmnop of my wiener.
when they said REPENT, I WONDERED WHAT THEY MEANT
And on the other hand, you have different fingers
I take my comedy seriously, and my seriousness humorously.
Kill em' ALL, AND LET RAPTOR JESUS SORT EM OUT.
Now all of us can create our own cattle pens!
Blessed are they that Hunger and thirst for justice--Fuck-ed are they that develop a taste for it.
You are living proof god has a sense of humor
every one of you assholes thinks you are interpreting "do what thou wilt ...." correctly...but you are all wrong! (ok, Not very catchy but its true.)
the truth is undeniable, and we will flood them with it.
Pain = stupidity
Space Bar. The zen stick in the keyboard, and the key of the board aboard the space-bar.
Fire in the whole... isn't that Heraclytus main point?
ok, let's be serious for a moment and face it: any kind of vampirism, and i'm thinking of the capitalist kind, is high treason to humankind. we should treat it as such.
the system's rigged! step aside of it! cut off it's leeching umbilical cord! let's starve it!
On the left side of my brain, there is nothing right, on the Right side of my brain, there is nothing left.
wait..they want you to eat christ's flesh and drink his blood?
Stop thinking. Stop speaking. It is still possible.
Scarcity increases value. Stop carrying phones.
Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple. Barry Switzer
Awareness without action is a marketing plan for your ego
Illusion is a revolutionary weapon
Malpractice makes perfect
Sedition doesn't go far enough.
Explain your sense of self
Capitalism: That hypnotic, trance-like music that keeps them dancing on the backs of the bruised.
Truth is wherever you look for it, in exactly the same place where falseness likes to hide, there are only so many hiding places.
Poor american christians: trapped between the sin city and the big apple.
Head Your mind!
I'd rather be an ass-less chap then a harry fookes!
Don't fuck the man. You'll get an STD.
The only truth is we perceive, yet this makes it the highest falsehood.
For how long are things what they seem After I skinny Dip through your waking Dream.
beliefs kill the freethinking, believe me!
I came to a conclusion earlier, which made me think. Why am I wanking to a conclusion?
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
A Monk climbed to the top of a mountain to find himself, and he found he was an asshole
Just conform, it's safer that way.
If you're not confused, you're ignorant.
Reliance on others is a weakness for the strong, but a strength for the weak.
By the power of viagra
Albino african
It is what it is, is it not? it is not. What is it?
It is what it is, is it not? it is not.
Browsers for Genocide
everything new is ment to get used,old and bottled
My pockets went to Distopia
If seeing is believing you have to be blind.
sometimes, i wish a star would have wished upon me, so then i would not have to wish upon one.
Ah non, j'ai encore pognÃ© une fight contre un iohan, ca mÃ¨ne Ã rien.
If all the nations in the world are in debt, where did all the money go?
All law and order is a temporary accident.
This is a question?
This isn't all true.
We must think of beauty as what we are, or the concept itself becomes our enemy.
If the universe is at any time what you say it is, then say.
Utopia, why?
The mystery of love is greater then the mystery of death
Don't beg for the right to live, take it.
Collapse the state of mind
if there was no money, we would all be rich.
You are now thinking manually.
All this foliage is obstructing my scenic view.
There are no feminists when the lifeboats are lowered
bureaucrats erase their initials, then initial their erasure.
Free Will is sacred to GOD. so use your free will the way god wants you to - or else.
When stupid people are set free, the first thing they do is to make stupidity illegal.
Those who listen only to what they want to hear, end up dancing with their own reflection - in the abyss.
Criminals commit crime, but Congress creates it.
Even your suspicions are suspect
We'd give peace a chance, but it would never survive on the free market.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
You are Powerful!
I must look like a dork. -minutemen
With Love in our hearts and death on our minds, now is thee time to leave fear behind... because _We Kill Evil!_ -Pocket Fish'R'Men
What's thee rush? You're already here.
You think punk means asshole, I know punk means cuddle -tsunami
Plan early, plan twice
No good plan goes unpunished
Non consensual subjective reality can only become concrete when you stop abiding by limitations. Even concrete can be fluid in it's concrete-ness.
Friends are just people waiting to be enemies....
expect a spanish inquisition.
The key difference between science and religion is that you can have a chemistry lecture in the physics building but you can't have Seder in the mosque.
My love... i will find you where ever you are...
Holy Shit, did you see that!? No, of course not, you were reading this note.
Hunger is the mother of beauty
Convulsion, subversion, defection
Seriousness is death
You're being lied to by yourself.
Behind every man stands a woman with a leash.
You ruin everything for everybody all the time.
If you understand, things are just as they are; if you do not understand, things are just as they are.
With great power comes irresponsibility.
I HAVE EVERYTHING I WANT AND THAT WHICH I DON'T HAVE I WILL COMPENSATE UNTIL I HAVE THAT , UNLESS SOMEONE WILL GIVE ME SOMETHING TO COMPENSATE THE REASON WHY I DON'T HAVE WHAT I WANT ! SO I HAVE EVERYTHING I WANT !
in case of confusion, don't blame me for telling you to be confusing me, you are confusing me !
Then they came for me and there was no one left to speak out for me.
the grand unified conspiracy theory ate the last cookie!
Action, Anxiety, or Apathy. Choose.
there's so such thing as wasted time, only wasted people to spend it with.
Civilization is sterilization.
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move.
An atheist is a man who has no invisible means of support.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.
No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it.
never trouble trouble until trouble troubles you. (unless tribbles are involved)
If You Think It’s All A Joke You Miss the Punch Line
We are not stuff that abides
We are as gods and might as well get good at it
THE SYSTEM supports both uppercase and lowercase characters
the idiot in the box looks at the idiot in the box and ___
an alliance of ill lions, and they're marketing illusion
Never overlook the merely obvious
Today is a good day to start writing on walls
i find memebombs hard to masturbate to, but i still use it daily.
I know of a counterexample, so let's revise the rule.
What we're looking at is an aggressive form of late-night shopping.
Obsolete power corrupts obsoletely
I could only masquerade
A language is a dialect with an army
I'm not afraid of heights, its depths that get me.
If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything
May the Force never arrive on your doorstep at three o’clock in the morning
An aye for an aye makes the whole world pirates
A prison becomes a home if you hold the key
Obsessive preoccupation with inappropriate goals
A fine will be charged for wounding the library books.
Molesting the walls with graffiti will be strictly punished.
Mind the malicious gap.
A thing with just one meaning has scarcely any meaning at all.
Free speech does not mean consequence-free speech.
Sic transeo. - Gloria Mundi
Superstition brings bad luck.
If you want to think independently, you must imitate me.
Disregard any further announcements. disregard any further announcements.
All simplifying assumptions are too complicated.
I enjoy your company most when I am by myself.
Live on Earth as though you were colonizing Mars.
Again? thats the third time this week!
There's no such thing as nothing
Thou shalt make no more commandments.
With doubt, all things are possible.
if you're not part of the problem you're part of the problem.
What will you be forgotten as?
Art is whatever you can get away with
what can i type here that would make you think?
but a world with no idiots would be lonely - valetine wiggin.
The only way to get money is from other people
[Verification needed]
Screw Capital! Work creates Wealth! (which means wellness)
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
you don't get to be my psychic terrorist
Do unto others before they do unto you.
What happens when we make machines make us make them make us into them?
Have you ever met a rational person?
It's better to light a candle than to curse the dark
BoOOOYYYYYYSZZZZZZZZZ!!!!1!!
Open horse fucking
Tough times do not last forever. Tough men do.
To annoy a conservative, tell him a lie. To annoy a liberal, tell him the truth!
If you act like a dumbshit, they'll treat you like an equal.
do you fuck your fork with that mouth or do you fuck your mouth with that fork?
Do you fuck your mother with that fork?
Did your fork eat you with that butt?
Did you poop my pants or did my poop pants in MY poop?
People are revolting
We find what we look for, whether or not it's there.
Institutions will try to preserve the problem to which they are the solution.
Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly
First rule of glass blowing: Hot glass looks just like cold glass
First rule of traffic: An red octagonal sign is incapable of stopping a moving vehicle
There is no limit to the creativity and brlliance a person can display in suggesting a solution to a problem they don't really understand
If you are pissed off, frustrated, annoyed and confused, congratulations. You are about to learn something.
"Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority." -Thomas H. Huxley
IF YOU PROMISE TO BEHAVE YOU WILL TAKE YOUR SPIRIT TO THE GRAVE (Yap Papaya)
Stupidity is a talent.
Beware of the false profit. He stride for your shins.
Love is the illusion that you are an individual.
I did smoke Thor's hammer, but then again I do try to normally smoke the god stuff.
I'm not applying for the fourth dimension.
Everything really does revolve around you.
Life is one big theatre stage, only without an audience.
Nobody is innocent - life fucks everyone.
A person is just a thought you keep having
if wishes were fishes, What the hell did I have for Lunch?
If Wishes Were Fishes We'd All Cast NEts
randy savage died for your sins
meme is what a child yells when raising their hand to be chosen
there are only two days today, as you read this and the day you die
j.m. barrie was an inncocent
that beegees song is now repeating in your head as you walk
i believe that children are the futile
ice cream is never the wrong decision
there is an error in this sentence.
the nile is not a stream of consciousess
i am paint. watch me dry!
cereal is the gateway drug, perfected
pink is ok, too
get fired. taste delicious.
you are now manually dying
it is a miracle you have survived this long
there has never been day time in your dreams
your television only wants to fuck you stupid, stop turning her on
even she goes poo... even she
destroy your mind, the rest will follow
this has been rewritten countless times over
Always be ready to walk away from a bad idea.
Be the Chaos you want to see in the world!
re-evolution!
What is true and what is right are two different things.
salvation is when you stop hoping for it.
5 billion religious people and they can't get a conclusive answer on life after death.
the meaning of existence is [garbled]. enjoy!
as a child, we believed in santa clause. as adolescents, we believed in true love. as adults, we believe in god.
i used to be religious, but then i discovered hotdogs.
you say it was they who did it. when all along it was us.
supplementing my permanent record
security makes me nervous
There were no zero sum games until we made them.
Beat the change that you wish to see in the world
This isn't who it would be, if it wasn't who it is.
fun or doom
Life is like a hair on a toilet seat.You always get pissed off in the end.
Like the Universe, this sentence cannot be stricken from ever existing.
Change yourself and you change the world.
the revolution will take place elsewhere - here it's forbidden to step on the grass.
no drugs are no solution neither.
If it makes sense, we can't do it.
I know a guy who's *so* emo, even the emo kids tell him to "get over it!"
Suffering is Optional...
spend your fucking time any fucking way you fucking feel like. everything's going to be fine.
you're mortal. You're gonna die. You're already dead -No offense.
Subversion doesn't feel like like going to school in black; it feels like going to school in a clown suit.
WHAT IS THE EXACT NATURE OF THE CATASTROPHE?
If you want to see yourself in action, record your dreams.
Confusion, not knowledge, is the road to wisdom.
there is *no* conspiracy. the government *is* out to get us.
jesus was a roman mole
I just love the way you hate
Behind the mask, there is no face.
Kissing a stranger and receiving a slap is better than arriving home in safe routine and wondering what could have been.
Advertising abhors a vacuum.
I know where I came from -- but where did all you zombies come from?
If two persons always share the same opinion, one of them is superfluous
You are now entering chapel perilous
maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, maps, maaaaaaaaaps, wonderful maps...
The fuck do you mean with that?
Invent a problem
This is the end of the end
Many Tyrants become clowns, but few clowns become tyrants
The Beginning is Nigh
the flick of an eyelid separates you from chaos unleashed blink embrace it Have fun
you are as wrong as you are right as you are left as you are as you are turned upside down, aren't you?
Will what you do
Hail Damage Repair!
THE MAGNA CARTA (The Great Charter): 23. No village or individual shall be compelled to make bridges at river banks, except those who from of old were legally bound to do so.
HOMO MERCATOR VIX AUT NUMQUAM POTEST DEA PLACERE - San Kirolamo
They hang the man and flog the woman That steal the goose from off the common But let the greater villain loose That steals the common from the goose. - England, 18th cent.
The sound of bags of rice tipping is the fundamental background noise of our universe. - Vydhata Swami Singh Attarchapaljee
Fight apathy or don't.
I wrote on a wall. Take that, society!
This is the worst smelling planet I have ever visited.
the end is extremely freaking nigh.
Attitude is no substitute for aptitude
Passive aggressive people who leave notes around telling people what to do can go fuck themselves.
Appreciate Chaos
If there's one thing she cannot stand, it's anything.
If its to be, its up to me
If its to be its up to me
no absolutes!
One repays a teacher poorly if they remain a student - Nietzsche
Beware your actions, your future will be your past, eventually.
Kill your idols before they kill you
Atheists just don't have soul man.
Thanks to capitalism, the masses now have a wide selection of opiates.
These eyes have seen things you would easily believe.
don't take take any crap, but please give a shit.
Congratulations! Your next clue is: http://bit.ly/e2JVA6
With correct logic, you can prove anything that's true. With incorrect logic, you can prove twice as much.
Some people have issues, I've opted for the subscription.
You are unique just like everyone else.
This message is not for you.
it's on purpose that i live a purposeless life.
This is a message from the past. RSVP.
Your body is a life-support system for your genitals.
you're not important. Lucky you.
Nothing that exists is strange. If it's counter-intuitive, you just need a new intuition.
#tigerblood
Show me a man who knew no pain or suffering as a child, and i'll show you a man who has nothing to contribute to society. ~Robert Brown
FOREVER ALONE
every snowflake is different. collect the whole set!
i wish i had tried.
you may feel you're above others, but i'm above you.
Each and single one
Pedicabo ego vos et irrumabo.
The real trap of the Black Iron Prison is that you think the bars are protecting you.
without contradictions, i would not be free.
life is a shitty videogame, with great graphics.
When you go to sleep tonight, you will die. An impostor with all your memories will awake, and to their credit, they will even think they are you.
You are judged by the enemies you keep too!
discordia lumine maior
Statistically you are rather a terrorist than a victim of terror.
Darth Vader died for your Sins.
Homework: Find out what happens to male chickens hatching in industrial egg-producing facilities.
What would Emperor Norton do?
A quick guide to politics in one easy step! 1. Is this necessary? Yes: Think about it more. No: Drop the issue.
When in Rome, try the veal. - drtim
Abraham Lincoln shot first.
Those who make peaceful revolution possible make violent revolution necessary
The Revolution will not be civilized
Terror is what you make of it.
Just because it's counter culture doesn't mean it's true
To have nothing is impossible. You'll always perceive something.
To have nothing is impossible.
What if you're never going to hit rock bottom?
Mary had a little lamb The doctors were astounded Everywhere she went Gynaecologists surrounded From: Half Man Half Biscuit: 99% of Gargoyles Look Like Bob Todd - lyrics http://www.chrisrand.com/hmhb/back-in-the-dhss/99-of-gargoyles-look-like-bob-todd/#ixzz1BbpLeWP5
ISIS ISIS ISIS, RA RA RA!
if you don't think you should be reading this, then don't read more.
I can't see Half the things I believe in!
SUPPORT OUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT TO ARM BEARS!
99% think conformity is wrong. Do you?
*sighs, & /me /slash nick curiositykilledthecat
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission
in case of duplicates, you should delete one copy?
Let's please save all of the monsters from certain (and uncertain) death!
Chaotic Evil means never having
Life's a Whatever, and then you... maybe
Preparedness damages resourcefulness.
a lie told often enough becomes truth
this is certainly sort of strange
hate humanity. love people
there is nothing more selfish than having a blowjob
truth is the biggest lie in the universe
mastarbation is the best way to build and practice your imagination
kill your idols befor they kill you
Remember: as a whole we are just a silent a away from aswhole
Remember: As a whole we are just a mute a away from asshole
If Life gives you Chaos, you have won.
levity sucks.
Levity Sucks!
This is 'not cricket'.
It's not a real protest if you didn't get arrested.
If you are immortal, I will eat you.
It is difficult to repair a watch while falling from an airplane.
Baa baa black sheep, have you any brain? Think for yourself cus you all think the same.
i don't have expectations; i have hopes. i don't have plans; i have dreams. i don't have a future; i have a life. and that is infinitely better.
*cough* "just wanted to ADD, completely unrelated to anything, that- I believe everything, including contradictions... conversely I also believe nothing, and why not, it's never let anyone down yet!" (incidentally rope can let you down) Quote: - 23rd Saint. Most Unholy Recomboblutated Night of the DissedOrder of the Pentagonal Footstall Sir J. Bacon. -Prof. of Doctorates.
I play Russian roulette in my head every day
"The surest way to guarantee a dictatorship is to be afraid of one." -The Good Reverend Roger
I am an elitist asshole and I fully support and endorse your right to be an idiot.
Give me liberty or give them death!
"Yields falsehood when preceded by its quotation" yields falsehood when preceded by its quotation.
This is not "This is not a pipe".
Help! I cannot eat my own brain!
I'm an anarchist and I vote!
It is easier to find a man who is true to his nature than true to his beliefs.
YouÂ´re not your job, youÂ´re not the money on your bank account, not the car youÂ´re driving, not the content of your wallet and not your stupid cargo pants. youÂ´re the singing, dancing scum of the earth!
There is no such thing as a stupid question until you ask it. -tgwtg- (ask him)
We are the music-makers. And we are the dreamers of the dreams.
it is hard to keep caring, but impossible to stop.
This is only a test! Had this been an actual life, you would have been instructed where to tune for news and official information.
my narcissistic STUDpop impregnated your hatriolic automom.
I don't have to care about your problems until you solve mine.
the last will be first and the first shall be last. Those of us in the middle won't notice the difference
man created god so that he could win every argument
anything that claims to be a god is not
the only true way to worship a god(ess) is to destroy him/her
(what if) God created Man because he wanted a worthy adversary(?)
I just talked with Jesus with my Ouija board, he told me to tell you "Sup"
‎"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones" -Albert Einsteinabout
Your parents descended from the monkeys and all you got was this stupid t-shirt
first, we state that women require time and money Women = time * money ...and as we all know, "time is money": Time = Money ...and therefore: Women = Money * Money = (Money)^2 ...and because "Money is the root of all evil": Money = sqrt(evil) ...therefore: Women = (sqrt[evil])^2 ...and we are forced to conclude that Women = Evil
If you believe that, I wonder what you'll believe when your eventually convinced its a lie.
The only realistic plan for world peace, NUKE THE MOON!!!!
Politics, broken down into Latin. Poli meaning many, Tics being blood sucking parisites.
If you were to clone yourself, then have sex with that clone, would it be masturbation or incest?
If you rape a prostitute, is it shoplifting?
Men and women are the worst people on earth.
no end finding curious or interesting pages that eat away time, never knowing if that time could be better spent... until you spend it and find out!
go down and drown'd
really
suk up and pop
really, ya know what we always say,fukem
Humans are like snowflakes: they may be unique, but from a distance they all look the same
Never trust anyone who talks for a living.
If it weren't for humans there would be no Good or Evil.
You are not your self-image.
When the culture is built around 'appearing', 'doing' becomes a political act in itself.
never trust someone simply because they tell the truth
How do you expect me to take it seriously if i can't make fun of it?
I am nothing. Nothing is perfect. Hence I am perfect.
A thousand dollars is worth thirteen peons working twelve hours.
Stop imitating yourself.
When you die, can I have your dreams and ideas?
You're old when you've stopped thinking you're the hero of your adventure.
if you ARE READING THIS YOU ARE STILL ASLEEP
run run as fast as you can you cant catch me im the.. oh poo you've got a taser
Just what we need, more squirrel's with machine guns
to be placed on stickers : this is not a sticker
is discordianism a joke or a religion? what's the difference?
If it makes you cry, it is real; if it makes you laugh, it probably is true.
one love
This Sentence has Cabbage six words.
How many of your facebook posts are pearls before whine?
just one pill away from the koo-koo's nest, aren't we?
Don't lie, don't steal, and don't play in the mud.
It isn't pessimism, it's realism.
Why is it we can see the foolishness of the blind leading the blind, and yet miss the same pitiful futility of the sane leading the sane?
How often do you feel human?
there are only 10 kinds of people who understand binary. those who do and those who don't.
Life is like light bulbs. only the walrus knows why.
The unexamined life isn't worth living man.
No matter where you go, there I am.
You're about as interesting as the spot on my arse.
Truth is plural and contingent
There is far less to everything than you think
Madness is a fish waiting to be groomed.
Regret and worry should cancel each other out.
What is sextant, Without a compassion?
dont forget to put your head in front of the shotgun,thanks for calling:)
The toof will set you fwee.
Express your free-will and do not comment on this.
there are apparently only two thing this country got righ. cars. and freedom
While you were reading this, my invisible friend stole your wallet.
You are really invisible when nothing can see you.
The keyboard really likes it when you type things
He who has long legs and short arms cannot touch one's toes...
Cool manacle! ...It's a watch? Yeah, that's what I said.
When the Brain fails, the gut prevails
Oh! sorry, I didn't recognise you with your clothes on.
Try to stop thinking for 5 seconds...
I never told the truth, so I can never tell a lie
Can I ask you a second question?
If I asked you to have sex with me, would you answer the same as you would to this question?
Entropy is the final state, always.
Never trust what you read.
I never thought paperweights were useful until I opened my window
I reject your reality and substitute my own!
For some, it's the left-hand path, for some, it's the right-hand path; for me, it's the psycho-path, RIGHT DOWN THE MIDDLE THROUGH THE MALL WITH A BULLDOZER!
Peanuts are Peanuts
its not. but maybe
fear not the wrath of failure lest you not try.
There is no conspiracy. Nobody is in charge. It's a headless blunder operating under the illusion of a master plan.
I don't believe, I think. I think I don't believe anything.
Ask not what your country can do for you, it's really not that interested
The Truth Hertz.
5-19-13. EXPECT US.
How many bears could Bear Grylls grill if Bear Grylls could grill bears?
Evolution IS Genocide
After all this time... don't wash my blood off of your hands!
Always the catalyst... Never the Butterfly!
This page was intentionally left blank.
Empty Heart, Empty Mind, Empty Soul - VACANCY!!
I Just Want It To Be Over
There will be plenty of time to sleep when you're dead.
just because you are paranoid does not mean they are not after you
does that mean a moving object cannot be moved
Have a good day, or die.
The Roadrunner fled across the desert, and the Coyote followed.
The cake is a lie, but the icing is Truth.
Practice Monopolygamy.
PANTS?
Learn with other people errors, you can't do all of them personally.
Time is the best teacher, unfortunatelly it kills all its students.
If you dont know how much is '2+2', but knows that '7' is closer than 'green', than you have the answer and just don't know it.
He's dead. Get over it.
Perception is nine tenths of the law
'Paradox ridicules the sound of irony laughing at you'- FUCKING AsHOLEY! Quote: - 23rd St. Most Unholy Recomboblutated Night of the DissedOrder of the Pentagonal Footstall Sir J. Bacon. -Prof. of Doctorates.
Binge on Education, Shit Success.
Fuck the Man, he needs it.
Swing Dancing means never having to say "I'm sorry"
One can repair ignorance. Stupidity is a point of view.
In my world poo taste sweet.
life is short..
Ha, look at you being intelligent
If you can this.... you can read
I shit you not.
Don't get even. Get odd.
OUT OFN ORDER
REMEMBER: KING KONG DIED FOR YOUR SINS
Now is all you have.
The cruelest prison is the one we build for ourselves out of fear and regret.
Abuse of authority comes as no surprise.
It takes two to make a bastard.
There is no mainstream.
Faith, hope and charity. I've had them all.
DO NOT READ THIS
Look at me, I'm raising consciousness!
-----Remember , everything is possible , except if you can not do it.
I've run out of things to say.
The illusion of objectivity captures people within a mirrored sphere.
Corporations are money obsessed sociopathic Voltrons that eat freedom and want you to be their tiger fists.
Your parents were wrong about everything
Don't trust them, just humor them.
Reason has nightmares of dancing.
Of the limited time in your life, you choose to waste most of it reading stupid memes.
The day we make a solar powered tank will be a bittersweet day for humanity, indeed.
cats are goddesses who are seceretly cotrolling you just think on it.
--- 1st scanned image, in natural format. http://web.me.com/dthoth/The_C.O.D./Welcome.html
The mind that opens too widely is in danger of spilling out.
I feel like eating an airplane.
the revolution is begining ...everyone turn to the left
if Mary was a virgin then Jesus popped his mothers cherry
i hate to break it to you but your mother is not a virgin
if you can read this thank your mother for having sex
Do not believe language.
You're so ironic it's expected.
Dear products of society, Refunds are in order.
The surrealist is the only realist.
Conventions are lazy.
You will win 100 dollars if you repeat what I'm saying right now to a stranger.
You're on reality TV, quick, do something cool!
The Government is watching God
Later today, look for an opportunity to meet your future self
This is part of a dream you're going to have tonight
Blessed are the confused, for they shall be amused.
In this world there are winners and there are losers. Then of course there are the others, who comprise the majority.
Once, I stood in a queue, pretending to be just like everybody else. And then (without once letting my mask slip) I boarded the bus and travelled home. But when I got home... OH HOW I LAUGHED.
He who disagrees with me in private, call him a fool. He who disagrees with me in public, call him an ambulance.
When the crowd gets behind you, it means you are facing the wrong way.
'Money doesn't grow on trees?' Yes it does. It's paper.
why do men die before their wives? could it be because they want to?
This is not a meme.
Here stands the Great Machine! Its eyes are gold and silver, and its name is Urizen. Ever does it turn, marching forward into eternity, turning the blood of men into history. Caught in its terrible gears, the world wails. Turning, turning, ever turning: The end is marked by a wheel
And so I went forth, to gaze upon the totality of everything.
Don't be naive.
We’re animals. What the hell are we doing in houses?
I can see it now, all crystallizing in the moment of activation, and what if the programmer is the reason for all the evil and misfortune and injustice in the world; what if every single unfortunate event that's ever occurred is caused by the butterfly flap of that man trying to prevent it all, and the entire concept of evil and finity and a difficult world is all a big cruel self-fulfilling prophecy, and it's all my fault; a big joke, and I'm the punchline?
I think all any of us really wants is connection, and I think as a culture we've somehow fooled ourselves into thinking there's exactly one person in the world who can give it to us.
...And the possibility of winding up alone is so threatening and suffocating and overwhelming that you think, maybe I should just roll with it.
I am very cold and alone every day. My world is one of anguish and regret.
Do you know that feeling that you get when you lean back too far in a chair and start to tip over, but then you catch youself? I feel like that all the time.
Part of me lives in this Universe.
I know you, and I know your game...
Only idiots don't point out the common sense because it is common sense to point out the obvious when it is obvious that most people are idiots.
the universe doesn't give a shit about you. sorry you had to find out in the form of a crappy meme bomb, but it's true. still a nice place to visit, though.
You are now breathing manually.
Nothing is 100% true
Getting back to where you once belong is a long an winding road. Help!
No more lip from you, bub.
Don't shoot the messenger. At least not until he's told you what the message is
If the cap fits, your head's the right size
People in glass houses should've paid more attention to Al Gore
Have a nice day. Or else
Do you believe in the son of God? No, I believe in the uncle of God!
Do you believe in the sun of God? No, I believe in the uncle of God!
The meiudm is not the mgsaese.
FUCK THE SYSTEM! just kidding...NOT!
Free
Please cue at this point -->
This poster is holding reality together.
2012 GARAGE SALE
She's not your ex, she's already had at least five other exes
Schplie!!!! at random
Christ's teachings are in the public domain.
This sentence is in Spanish while you're not looking.
Your computer is lying to you.
I'm better than you.
i am an old surrealist trapped in a teenager's body. Or the other way around...
The quality of mercy is not strgynjdv
Don't believe everything you think.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't wipe your friends on the furniture.
May the wind be always at your back... Just make sure You're in a wheelchair first.
Every time you see this sentence you will recognize it.
Who would lose a needle in a haystack?
Life is the art of avoiding it's own conclusion.
Only a true artist can fail to draw a perfect circle.
The size of the package doesn't matter if it's flaccid.
If it's a game you can't lose, then it isn't a game at all, but an exercise in futility.
The best part about Cartesan Dualism is the existential relief one feels when they reason that it is actually absurd.
To be good is to be lonesome. - Mark Twain
If I hadn't believed it, I would never have seen it.
WORK IN PROGRESS: we're trying to hide another U.F.O. right here, so don't care about us - we're working for you.
Statistically, flying is the safest mode of transportation. Statistically, nobody survives a plane crash.
You are what you hate.
Go on walking, don't look at here, pretend not to have read this sign.
Do you fnord if I fnord your fnord?
Do you know God is a Crazy Woman? I don't.
Please don't care about this sign.
Warning: don't worry, everything is ok.
Warning: This warning sign is false.
The end of this sentence is false, but the beginning of it is true.
Examine the following:
What are you doing?!
Don't believe this sentence.
Underneath all the God stuff... more God stuff.
Only antisocial behaviour can be effective against society.
There is more than one way to shave a cat: but generally only one reason to do it
God made me an atheist.
GET AN AFTERLIFE
TAKE THIS AS A SIGN
THINK ABOUT HOW MUCH TIME YOU WASTED READING THIS
DUE TO TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES, REALITY ENDS HERE
IF ITS BALANCE YOU WANT, GET SOME SCALES
do those you perceive as self-righteous think of you as the same?
Time is a harsh mistress.
Blasphemy is my religion
Babies enter the world screaming in terror :)
I remember when all of you were semen.
Don't be fooled by appearances; I am a surveillance camera.
You used to split your time between your mother's ovaries and your father's testicles? ME TOO!
One day you will die; it could be tomorrow, unexpectedly and painfully. So why not buy yourself something nice?
Hi, I'm Jesus :)
Stop Palpitation!
Calm down, your heart is beating a little too fast right now.
YOU will live forever!
Quick! Go home! You're missing your favorite television program!
Dick.
Dreamed any reality lately?
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like? I decided to use even go want to do look more like before it was cool to use even go want to do look more like. I have even really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like, that I stopped doing look more like a long time ago, and now I just use even go want to do look more like with scissors, a box set of Kenan & Kel on DVD, a 4 gigabyte SD card, and a frayed ethernet cable. I hope this is really been far to do more answers for you to even go want.
Sense is made, not born.
Relax, in the safety of your own delusions, don't do it.
i am a living, breathing human being. do you perhaps feel threatened by me, besides your cold, dead, unchanging self?
Your Government is like Bernie Madoff with an army.
Abel had no descendants.
I believe I disbelieve.
Almost half of them are BELOW AVERAGE!
averageness is a point of view
the sense is not to search for a sense
96% of people believe made-up statistics, just like this one.
choose life
See the fnord, don't fear it.
Life is an online game and I rolled a shitty Paladin.
When in danger or in doubt: run in circles, scream and shout.
Knowing is hard.
you're doing it.
Smoke fish.
Context does.
You won't die alone, but you'll wish you will.
And thus, sense was made.
Altruism isn't a state of mind, it is an action.
Jesus may save, but my chippy delivers!
Be nice to other people; they outnumber you 6 billion to one.
Listen to what the person next to you is saying to you. Then continue the conversation in Rhymes!
read this very carefully i will only write this once.
realize that ignorance is bless
honey is in the eye of the bee-keeper
If you have never contemplated killing all of your friends with an axe, then you are not taking enough drugs. If you actually did the deed, then someone is coming for you ...
There's nothing better than a BDSM fuck.
Infect Yourself.
Fuck semantics!
No amount of faith can undo a fact
Reality is rated R, too.
People who have not suffered are often insufferable.
Avast! More sentence-tubes!
We're sorry, the universe is currently experiencing technical difficulties. Please (?force) accept this beautiful body (?meat-cage). Enlightenment is loading...
You should pay more attention.
Get ready for this.
WARNING: Beware warning signs.
ask yourself this
wait!
CAUTION: Only you are allowed to read this.
We are the zombies that Zombies fear.
It is better to live on your feet than to die on your knees. - J. Heller, "Catch 22"
Who is the one who is living you now?
obama is a nigger. and so am i. all hail eris!
if u believed me. u would be scared
fat people think they are fat.
i dont really know anything.
u can not spell cannibalism without capitalism
god created masturbation. satan created porno.
women = god's retribution for stealing fire.
catholics sacrafice to katholo, muslims to (muslim)mamo, and i could play the bango til the motherfucker broke
conspiracy #45 someone actually shot JFK
regarding the cross, only the vatican and the queen know the answer... and neither one is telling.
here in america, people (who may be your neighbors) still worship the sun.
Objectivity is subjective
Sometimes joke underpants are still underpants.
Sometimes you get insomnia, sometimes it gets you.
I get insulted by ads telling me I could dress better. The CIA never tells me that, and you know why? Because they can actually see me.
I don't think I think what you think I think.
I wanna cast magic missile at the darkness!!!
If you can't write history, write the future.
The hidden factor may be you.
The Crazy is everywhere and getting stronger.
"Revolution" is the action of moving in a circle; "Freedom" is counter-revolutionary.
Keep reaching for that fruit, monkey!
There is no cure for stupidity.
Subversive is the new black.
The common man thirsts for the mediocre.
Some things are too serious to do anything but laugh about.
How many gods do you currently not believe in?
An unbreakable heart isn't worth having.
Go with your instinct on problem number 5.
Good luck on your exam.
Your memebomb
the medium is the mode
corporations are money obsessed sociopathic Voltrons that eat freedom and want you to be their tiger fists
Wretched excess is it's own reward
I'm kickass... and humble. -Jack
the zombie virus can travel through all sorts of media.
If being wrong is right, I don't want to be wrong.
If being right is wrong, I don't want to be right.
Every element of structure you incorporate into your life will reprogram you.
didn't you just because almost sometimes depends on like before what always afterwards?
Everything in moderation, including Moderation itself.
If you aren't confused, you're wrong.
I've seen how adults act. I think I'd rather act like a child
It only gets weirder from here!
Antisemitism is a gas
Nostalgia is necrophilia.
Success: Just say NO.
Hypocrisy is necessary but not sufficient for humanity.
zombies like you
"Irrational" is the new "heretical."
DEATH TO MARTYRS!
If they were unjust, people would do something about it.
6 out of every 10 people refuse to be a statistic.
The City eats dreams and shits out monkeys.
This sentence will not prompt you to think of that thing.
You will find the correct answer in the murkiest mists of confusion.
If you don't want to take one in the head, stop acting like a zombie
The Zombie Apocalypse starts at home.
Your zombie sheep are being programmed as we speak.
Disregard this line of text and everything after/before; I think it's nonsense
Words like, "faggot", "nigger", and "spick" are some of the most powerful forms of art, as art makes people feel.
"Let's all take a stand against activism!"
Zombie or not to be?
A tree and a squid were killed to write this message.
The world is a vast temple dedicated to Discord. - Voltaire.
I believe in a Freeâ„¢ world.
Close your eyes. It will get dark. -Open them and it will be still dark.
Fat people are harder to kidnap.
Please clean up after your god.
Life is but a meme within a meme.
If a family member dies, would you delete their Mii from the family Wii?
All utopias are fucked from the beginning. That doesn't mean we should give up trying though.
You can only build an identity out of the memes you have been presented with.
The good need no rules. The bad have none.
These words mean nothing.
GET OFF THE INTERNET AND DO SOMETHING
Everything I know has been to space!
Zenarchy is for fools who don't understand politics. Politics is for fools who don't understand Zenarchy.
You can't have slaughter without laughter, and you can't have beliefs without lies.
Innocence is just another word for Ignorance.
Yeti Crossing. Beware of penguins.
Nobody was home, but I answered the door anyway.
LOL, CONTEXT!
Is it mercy if it means misery for another?
You cannot reorganize village life to suit the village idiot.
How am I not myself?
Who told you to believe that?
The plural of “anecdote” is not “data”.
Dreadlocks: the only hairstyle That's also a workout routine.
[Citation Needed]
Chaos, Panic, Disorder... My work here Is done
Conspiracy is an indication of weakness.
Who is Hagbard Celine?
Show me three monkeys, and I'll show you a heirarchy.
You don't need *Them* to help you screw up your life. You are good enough at it yourself.
Fashion a sword from the shards of your broken dreams.
Citing historical precedent is bad form.
We are defined by what we hate.
As frightening as it may be, you are in control of your life. The government, your boss, and the NWO are powerless without you.
'Authority' is the policeman in your head, not the policeman on your street.
The vast, shadowy organizations you fear are made up of frightened, neurotic little people just like you.
Reality is the original Rorschach Test.
The secret to my success: Poor impulse control.
Thank you for reading this sign.
Would you believe that goblins exist for twenty bucks?
Tu quoque makes the whole world dumb
There is no need to apologize for reality.
Normal is not the same thing as average.
Witchcraft always has a hard time, until it becomes established and changes its name.
I conceive of nothing, in religion, science, or philosophy, that is more than the proper thing to wear, for a while.
Should your innocence be established, the department will notify your surviving beneficiaries.
Established government defends its monopoly on terrorism by killing its competitors.
Laughter is the most effective form of terrorism.
Reality is one big conspiracy against faith.
One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Flu Fish
In a perfect world, you and I probably wouldn't exist. So let's not hope for one.
It's no wonder truth is stranger than fiction; fiction has to make sense.
Logically, <4 is better than <3.
Some people make sense from scratch. The rest make sense out of whole cloth.
NEVER FUCKING PRAY. You don't know what is listening.
If you do not change your direction, you may end up where you are heading.
When you look for happiness outside yourself, it is like sand in the hands, when you have it, it slips away. When you find happiness from within, you become the sand.
Welcome to the internet. Please enjoy your stay and remember that no one cares what you find offensive.
Bleat if you love Jesus!
Bureaucrats cut red tape — lengthwise.
It has been said that nothing is impossible; yet there are many people doing nothing every day.
Security through Obesity
Security Through Obscurity
In fighting amongst the slaves makes owning the slaves easier.
Belief is the Enemy.
Don't swim upstream, the future was right where you were.
masturbation: not just fun, it's a survival skill.
I believe that it is time we enact Godwin's Law at the federal level. Do it for the children!
Ridicule may lawfully be employed where reason has no hope of success.
Don't give them what they want, give them what they need
Hurry up and make yourself important so you can make things easier for the rest of us.
Personally, I blame society
What other people think of you is none of your business
Believing in rebirth is the same as admitting defeat
What would Johnny Cash do?
Look where all this talking got us, baby.
There are no atheists in prisons either.
There is where you say something stupid.
brainwashing = meme brainwashing = meme
Whatever you're doing, just stop.
Everybody knows.
Most people secretly think they deserve it.
Most women secretly hate men, and most men secretly think they deserve it.
BELIEVING KILLS
You secretly think you deserve it, don't you?
most men secretly hate women, and most women secretly think they deserve it
To chase the Divine is to deny the Humanity.
Mother nature don't give a fuck.
Give me liberty or, else.
Work is a four letter word.
The best thing a true patriot can do is take down his own government.
Why would the government want to take your guns away? They already have enough of their own.
Do you believe in the ideology becuase of the ideas or do you believe in the ideas because of the ideology?
If you're not part of the solution, you're probably part of the solute.
Laziness is a virtue.
Post-modernism means never having to say that you're wrong
you can't find some things on the internet.
Repeat after me: I will think for myself.
"Decisions are the key thing in supporting our perception bubble."
We may not be free, but we sure are cheap.
Is this really worth it?
We may be cheap, but we ain't free.
This is reality. Logic has no place in the real world.
The mind is what the brain does in its spare time.
Entropy is just improvement in disguise
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle drugs.
Dogma is what other people believe in.
In five years time, you will be dead and a stranger with your memories will inhabit your body. Don't worry, in ten years they'll be dead too.
Congratulations: You have seen this message before the agents of oppression managed to remove it.
We are King Midas: everything we touch turns into matter.
Buddha made me do it.
If you're bored, you're boring.
If you're not part of the solution then you are part of the precipitate.
People fear death, and religion is like their 'get out of jail free' card
Life -- do you grok it?
Freedom -- do you grok it?
Every generation has thought that they would be the last. Every single one has been wrong.
I love my tribe.
DonÂ´t Happy, Be Worry.
Do we know what an empty room really looks like?
Talking donkeys my ass!
We insist on seeing patterns that aren't there. The ones that really are there are quite beautiful enough, thank you.
Today is the day.
People who don't like their beliefs being laughed at shouldn't have such funny beliefs.
Michael jackson was killed by the illuminati
I hope to god that when I die, people will make vile jokes about ME.
Refuse to be re-branded.
There are two kinds of fighters. Those who fight honorably and those who win.
Hypocrisy has saved us from many bad ideas that might otherwise have been practiced as well as preached.
No matter how right we are, we always might possibly be wrong.
This is not simply entertainment.
"Trying to defeat an ideology by killing individuals is like trying to save a marriage with a blowjob. It might buy you some time, but in the end it'll just suck" - Ze Frank
Nothing real requires faith.
Grow your own. It's the new safe.
Don't worry, go crazy.
Chaos is a level above order/disorder games. You cannot unsee this.
SAVE US FROM WHAT WE WANT!
THEY WANT YOUR X
God does not play russian roulette with the universe.
Watch this space, but not too intently.
Do it. If you don't, who will?
Try to alter the way you interact with the people around you. I dare you!
"If you were taught that elves caused rain, every time it rained, you'd see the proof of elves."
Tear off all your labels.
Every morning someone new is in my mirror.
Shit happens. Shit happens all at once. The universe doesn't care about good timing.
Shit happens. Shit happens all azl once. The universe doesn't care about good timing.
Think outside which box?
The Machine is Us.
Lawyers are basically PiÃ±atas filled with civil liberties instead of candy. The party has started, don't worry about a blindfold.
I think it's safe to say that Dali fucking called it.
The Triangle God has three sides.
An object at rest cannot be stopped
What could possibly go wrong?
Hedonism is vastly over-rated.
The world is full of adults scrambling around trying to learn how to play again. They forgot.
It's easy to believe in Providence when your side is winning.
Your beliefs will not save you.
No theory has been universally accepted.
You are a target audience. Duck!
Any insufficiently observed Order is indistinguishable from Chaos.
HER AVOIDING EYES GENETIC TAMPERING WILL FIX THAT
I'm just a box in a cage.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the future.
Everybody else who read this was a smug asshole, it's a good thing you came along.
The whole universe is trying to enlighten you. Will you let it?
You aren't just paranoid, the universe *is* trying to fuck with you
There is no evil, only suffering.
Hate is a strong word...so is Love.
Normality is a luxury
YOU ARE NOW NO LONGER FULLY AUTOMATED.
Don't mind the dog, beware of the owner..
Truth is just our need to make things come to existence
A love of capitalism is symptomatic of a oedipal complex.
We are digging in the trenches of the New Underground
Keep taking the right path and you'll eventually go left, so go crazy! rebel now and have a happy retirement!
This is now part of your day.
If you meet John Galt on your path, kill him
God is an excuse.
Try Dying.
You're entire life has lead you to This Moment
The Invisible Hand is an expert at picking pockets.
There's always room for unreasonable doubt.
Life is Too Short to Rush
Nothing Serious Ever Happens
Reality is a Work In Progress
Reality is a work in progress.
I have seen the truth, and it didn't make sense!
Down is the new up!
Ideology is a thought killer.
You will have different thoughts if you use your mouse with your nondominant hand. Go.
Theologians, they don't know nothing about my soul.
Ignorance knows no boundaries.
Asking questions is the only way to get answers.
Tomorrow's just an excuse away!
Discordianism: the Schroedinger's Cat of religions.
Life's a laugh and then you cry.
Life's a laugh and then die.
"The religion that is afraid of science dishonors God and commits suicide."
People hate good ideas, and that's why we hate the communists.
Everyone is Jesus in Discordianism.
They're most dangerous when they look normal.
Space is a practiced place.
I won't stop until I get to Normal
[Discordians] need to be like a plague - not so virulent that we wipe out all potential carriers, but not so mild that we die out.
Goddess forbids nothing, but nobody likes an asshole.
There is no such thing as a fake religion.
Hate is a chemical reaction.
We are now headed towards Mutually Assured Distraction.
It's hard being yourself while everybody is watching.
Read out loud.
If you've read this, it's already too late.
Stand out, be part of a crowd.
I don't have time for the truth.
Dumb is like gravity; you can try to outrun the closest source, but you will eventually get snagged by another one.
DUMB IS A FORCE OF NATURE
Sorry Mario, but your princess is just another castle.
Your cats are my target audience
i is imaginary.
A good person should die weeping for how much more they could have done.
There is no conspiracy; people just aren't that organized.
The Machine is just a by-product widespread personal gain.
Life is truly quite absurd, but with a little effort we could make it completely ridiculous.
Plagiarism is necessary; progress implies it.
The only historically justified tactic is extremist innovation.
"Consistency is a Rationalist Fetish." -@fenris23
If money is a protocol for interchange, why is the world economy in a recession?
Suspend belief.
Live as if something actually depends upon your actions.
Be as if.
Pretend to be real.
PROTECT US FROM WHAT WE WANT
MONEY CREATES TASTE
You do it to yourself, you do, and that's what really hurts. - Thom Yorke
Now Loading... (on the inside door of the elevator)
Idealists have a hard time understanding that the universe doesn't give a fuck what they believe in.
I don't exist.
Tax is more addictive than crack.
"Specialization breeds biases that ultimately aggregate as international & ideological discord, which, in turn, leads to war." ~Bucky Fuller
No good deed is left unpunished
I participate you participate we participate they decide..
Remove this flier to signal operatives
Not a Restroom
This sentence is different the third time you read it.
How do you think *this* got here, huh?
Out of Order- put on something that can't possibly be out of order.
Free? Prove it!
Stop whining -- YOU let them do it.
You let them put you in a drawer. They filed you under "harmless".
Open your eyes! No, you were right, better keep those fuckers closed.
Existence deleted due to violation of terms of service
Please be silent while your civil rights matrix is reconfigured.
Silence! Some of us are trying to think
Democracy is Watching you..
Το σύστημα της διδασκαλίας είναι η διδασκαλία του συστήματος
When opportunity knocks, answer the door naked.
inside a bathroom stall: GOD IS WATCHING
Not all addicts do drugs.
"Makes little sense when applied to its quotation" makes little sense when applied to its quotation
YOU'RE SO HIGH Imagine seeing that on a sign somewhere when you're all out of your head
It's now and then
Everyone's Discordia is different collect all 1024
really rugged, ghetto looking graffiti with messages like: EVERY DAY IS A GIFT FATHERHOOD IS A JOY CHILDREN ARE FUCKING WONDERFUL
coffee up or liquor down - it's bubbles, bubbles, crutch to crown
Life is just one non-sequitur after fruitbat.
TV Sets the Channel
One man's bomb is another man's bum
There's nothing to panic about. Remain indoors and you will not be harmed.
What are you doing out here? Haven't you heard about the curfew?
EVERYTHING SUSPICIOUS IS TERRORISM
You thought about the words on this poster. And the struggle inside intensified.
Violators will be fisted.
Democracy: 9 out of 10 enjoy gang rape.
Curiosity killed the cat, or that's what we assume as it never came back.
When you dont know where you going, you never loose the way.
OUR DREAMS, THEIR NIGHTMARE
If you are not a part of disillusion, you're a part of the problem
You are a product.
When the axe came into the forest, the trees said, 'The handle is one of us.'
YOU are unfit for self-rule.
What is it with you and money?
Warning: You can't really say I didn't warn you.
Just because I conflict myself doesn't mean I'm right.
It's quite easy to reason logically and still be wrong.
The truth is probably not out there after all.
Have that mole checked out
You are literate
You should see a doctor immediately.
The only real sins are selfishness and ignorance.
Warning: Do not mind the gap.
A revolution is like a bottle of iced tea, but safer.
WARNING: Reading this sign is forbidden.
NOTICE: Your notice of this sign has been noticed and noted. Thank you.
POSTED: Posting posted signs is forbidden, especially for purposes of forbidding hunting or trespassing.
The cause is the effect.
The Crusades were the product of brand loyalty.
They think the earth is flat because they are anarchists.
Warning: mind The Gap.
Because and effect.
"What's the difference between two lawyers and a senator?"
"WARNING: It is forbidden to obey. Processors will be transgressed."
"NOTICE: It is forbidden to notice. Your notice of this notice was noticed. Keep in touch."
"Please do not use other door."
The placebo is the most potent drug on the market.
Stasis is the most potent force for change.
The best hypothesis is that you are wrong.
Social darwinists are evolutionarily unfit.
Make like nature: select all.
If you have no choice in the matter, that's your choice.
The best way to move forward is to stand still.
My god is bigger.
In the future, only the crowds are alone.
We will protect you from loneliness.
You probably can't escape anyway.
What just happened?
You don't even know what you're looking for, do you?
Please stop, it only encourages them.
What is this, some kind of slogan?
Your adherence to antiquated ideals is not as admirable as they would like you to believe.
Why are you so sure?
Are you sure? Why not?
Trespassing is foreboding.
only the robots are on time anymore
Call in Sick
One Billion "Hope Dollars"! Small Change we can believe in!
If you have OCD, read this sentence again.
WARNING: You are forbidden to read this sentence.
Attention: Do not sit down, there is still much to do.
Don't keep time: it's not yours.
Don't spend time: it doesn't belong to you.
THE FUTURE STARTED HERE.
How are you reading this?
"This sentence finds it embarassing to be red." (In green pen?)
"IT'S 2012: DO YOU KNOW WHERE YOUR GODS ARE?"
Try to outlive these words.
Standing at the edge of tomorrow TODAY!
DANGER: EVERY STRUCTURE IS UNSTABLE.
Stand up for what's right. Even if it's wrong.
"HELP STAMP OUT THOUGHT: OBEY"
How did you get here?
Instructions on a fool proof plan
step one: build a better idiot
While I'm at it, can I ask you a rhetorical question?
This Ain't A Scene, It's An Arms Race
Revolution: The act of going around in a circle, eventually winding up back where you started.
This is a Meme.
YOU WILL BEGIN TO SEE F E ACES IN THE PATTERNS OF NATUR
Do what you want cause a Pirate is Free.
"Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he'll depopulate the oceans to extinction."
Democracy is Dumb When You Have No Say
Liberty was that thing you lost when you relished being a dumb American rather than an informed world inhabitant.
Your brain is a liar and a whore.
The End is Further Away Than You Think
lol, marginalized prophets.
This is just another slick marketing enterprise.
I'm in this for the money.
Alarm clocks kill dreams.
Reading is not understanding.
Stop believing, start thinking.
police no longer have to tell knock-knock jokes
In case of Emergency, Break Class.
spend time: it's on sale.
Why don't you mind?!
Call over your Visa Card and cut up her daughter.
Believing is seeing.
Should we talk about the whether, or not?
[insert witty meme here]
If you believe in solipsism, you are not alone.
The solution is part of the problem.
Save us from salvation
this post scares me
The Creator is the Destroyer.
You don't need pants for the victory dance.
problem solver or problem maker
Are you happy? If not, why?
Are you un-happy? If not, why?
Fuck the whales, save the banks!
Shut up, you are your speech!
Chaos has a better imagination than you.
this conversation isnt over
The management would like to remind you, the valued customer, that not all moustaches are made of hair. Thank you.
are you wearing that?
warning: the sky really is falling
this is only a test
Your information train is jammed, man!
Buy a lot of stuff, you're a good citizen.
Science ain't an exact science with these clowns but, they're getting better.
Never mind. You wouldn't believe me anyway.
Train of thought derailed, thousands killed.
Criminals operate in clear daylight now.
Someone wanted you to see this.
How necessary are you?
Stop being used.
this is a interdistraction
you are not your bumper sticker or how much gas you have in the tank
this conversation is over
Someone is having a serious day.
Roll again.
Check Mate!
You won second prize in a beauty contest. Collect $200.
Go directly to jail.
You now get to create a new rule.
Holy shit look over there --->
I take a little solace in the fact that everyone who uses the term 'sheeple' learned it from someone else.
reward failure, BUY AMERICA
Chaos is what you make of it
Chaos never goes out in style?
Refuse to mind the gap.
I GET IT!
Lol, reality.
Whose eyes are your eyes?
You woke up for this?
You do live in a foreign country, and you do speak with an accent.
The fragmentariness of life makes coherence suspect.
Good news! It's Terminal!
Please go back 3 squares
Do you want a cookie?
Has to happen to somebody.
Why don't you come down from your cross, take the wood, build a bridge, and get over it?
THIS IS A MESSAGE FROM GOD
Everyone is wrong, but some of us are more correct than others.
Maybe you don't because you waste your time thinking you could.
Please press any door to continue
RAGE IS PEACE
FREEDOM IS A VERB
IGNORANCE IS EVERYWHERE
HORROR IS MIRTH
The truth may be out there, but lies are inside your head.
Nationalism is more pathetic than LARPing.
Satire is over. Reality has made it obsolete.
Ceci n'est pas une phrase.
You're already in its belly.
"i" is an inversion of the absolute "!"
know it's naught!
Every one can read your mind.
FREEDOM IS AN ACT OF REBELLION.
Freedom is within their grasp.
Freedom--You've gotta give for what you take
you read my fucking mind
Bavarian Illuminati: Now hiring!
if you look closely, you'll see what I'm making you look for
if you think you're wrong, you're probably right.
There is nothing hidden here.
"Isn't that how Shamanism works?"
VOTE YES ON PROPOSITION 23: IMPLEMENT THE DEATH PENALTY FOR THE SIN OF IMMORTALITY!
Tune out the signal.
Listen to the noise.
Don't speculate on a mirror.
Look up. (written on the sidewalk)
"Please feel free."
God is innocent; the church did it all.
Do you mistake your inner monologue for reality?
A real human being is like this comparison.
if you need further help try reading the aidrocsiD aipicnirP backwards
You know, the fact that you are even reading this is completely by random chance. OH MY GOD, LOOK BEHIND YOU!!!!
you left the iron on.
you LIVE in that head?
You made me do it
You may delay, but time will not. - Benjamin Franklin
You might not count in the New World Order
You might regret it.
YOU MUST BE ABLE TO READ THIS SIGN
you must disagree with authority figures
you must have one grand passion
you must know where you stop and the world begins
You now need to empty your head of this information.
you owe the world not the other way around
You put this here yesterday, don't you remember?
You saw this message yesterday.
You SHOULD have picked door number 2!
you smell like your mistress.
you sure its safe?
you taste of Mental MSG.
You too can be No. one!
You were reading this, but now you're not.
You will never get rich working for someone else. You will forever be a cog in a much larger machine that exists to make other people rich. - James Halloran
YOU WIN! you found the hidden note. Re-Hide this note to receive GOOD LUCK
You won't meet Buddha on the road.
You wrote this while you were drunk.
You'd do almost anything for $30.
You'e the only one who wants a revolution.
You'll appreciate the environment much more when you're not allowed out of your house.
You'll be old soon, and worthless, right?
You'll never be as young as you are right now.
You'll never get this time back.
You'll see it when you believe it.
You're a great actor!
You're absolutely correct, /consciously/.
You're all just individual people.... Neither you, nor your friends, nor you with all your friends and all of their friends together could possibly make a difference.
you're it, no backsies
You're just saying that because you disagree with me.
You're No. One
You're on your own now
you're only as genuine as they think you are
You're paranoid for a reason.
You're standing in it now.
You're still playing by their rules!
You're unique, just like everybody else
You've caught an even atom tan
Your "Future" is in your "Past", but you aren't getting any younger.
your actions are pointless if no one notices
Your brain is itchy
Your ego is biohazard
Your mental conditions are not that interesting
Your mind is now a car--DRIVE IT.
YOUR MIND IS UNDER CONTROL
Your mother was lying
Your paradigm is so intrinsic to your mental process that you are hardly aware of its existence, until you try to communicate with someone with a different paradigm. - Donella Meadows
Zeal is it's own excuse
Freedom of the press belongs to those who own one.
FREE SPEECH IS THE RIGHT TO SHOUT 'THEATER' IN A CROWDED FIRE.
to whom it may concern,
Use the Culture as ocean to swim in. Treat it with care.
"STRIKE" or "REVOLT" or "YIPPIE"
exciting controversy
can this really be happening to me
can-I-help-you's
Do Not Remove
Amerika is just another Latin dictatorship
Don't let the pigs separate our culture from our politics. oops
We'll make you happy
To be the best, you must LOSE YOUR MIND.
Learning isn't the same thing as being taught.
You're not a failure kid. It's just that your ideas are silly and dumb.
"OH NO YOU DID"
The apocalypse is the root of all evil.
Isn't it obvious? We destroy the universe with quantum computers, therefore creating the universe!
care to expand?
Replacing one silly belief for another doesn't mean you are enlightened.
You can't legislate beliefs.
And You Can't Believe Legislators
Everything is exactly what you think it is.
When in Rome, do as the Vandals do.
do spites get mad when you just laugh at their warning signs?
Your destination is simply where you stop moving.
Discordianism: Paint Thinner for the Soul.
No one will EVER thank you for shuffling along quietly like that.
reduce humans reuse child labor recycle your organs
Talking's not illegal, baby.
[Insert Poignant Statement Here]
I like this one. It's dense.
The sad thing in the world is a dying man who never had an original thought in his whole life.
Enlightenment won't save you any more than God will.
This statement does not apply for jobs.
These could go together, or be separate.
Save yourself from the salvation army.
Just give up and go crazy.
Save yourself FOR the salvation army?
when something terrible happens people wake up
When the winds of change blow hard enough even the most trivial of things can turn into deadly projectiles.
When was the first time you felt great?
when you act like someone is your enemy, they'll soon start playing to the role as they feel threatened.
When you betray somebody else, you also betray yourself. -Isaac Bashevis Singer
When you go to hell, you DIE
When's the last time you felt great?
Whenever I hear the word "culture", it makes me want to reach for my revolver.
Where do your ideas come from?
Where in the Waste is the Wisdom?
Where is fancy bred, in the heart or in the head?
Where there's a will, I want to be in it.
Which way to America?
Whichever makes less sense at the time.
While playing Resident Evil, you turned into what you were just killing.
While you were playing Warcraft, we were saving lives.
While you were sleeping last night, we killed your puppy.
White Washing Reality Creates A Canvas Of Villany
Who are you? SERIOUSLY, WHO?
Who are you? Why?
Who begins too much accomplishes little.
who can truly pwn a tree?
Who is the shepherd?
Who watches the watchers?
Who's life are you living?
Why are you masturbating?
Why are you too good to die?
Why ask why, just shut up and die
Why didn't you?
Why do you ask so many loaded questions?
Why do you care about Bratney Spears' parenting style?
Why follow the rules all the time? You must love them.
Why obey when they don't trust you anyways?
Why will you forget this message ever existed?
Why worry about the unknown when you don't know the now?
WILL TONY SOPRANO DIE BALD?
wipe off that lipstick.
wishing things away is not effective
Wit happens.
With age, ignorant altruism looks more and more like calculated wickedness.
with only a speck of shit on your nose, everything will smell bad. Wash your face.
with perseverance you can discover any truth
Within 24 hours, something will happen to you. Don't be afraid. It's the beginning of a story.
Without bullshit, the grass would never grow
Without my ___________ I'd be just like everyone else.
words tend to be inadequate
Workers of the world, have fun!
Workers of the world, have fun! [Mimics "Workers of the world, unite!"]
worrying can help you prepare
worrying is like a rocking chair: it gives you something to do without doing anything.
Write this somewhere else.
Wroth like a zealot, believing in nothing and suspecting all. Annhilative, to the point of hyperbole. Passionate as napalm, yet contained and masterful like unto calligraphic strokes.
Ye of many faiths
Yes men get all the babes!
Yes you are.
You always love the ones you hurt
You an Ill-Lusor, eh?
You appear to have an infestation of fail ants.
You are a fire hazard
You are a flight risk. Bail set to ______________
you are a victim of the rules you live by
you are free to do whatever you like provided you live with the consequences
You are getting sleepy very.
You are hearing voices
You are Holy in the wrong
You are illegal. Please cease immediately.
You are MORTAL. You will die. SOON. Start living how you want to be remembered? Do it for us.
You are not a unique and wonderful being.
You are not an individual.
You are not your ego
YOU ARE NOW AWARE OF EVERY TIME YOU BLINK.
You are now aware of your tourettes tic.
you are now breathing automatically
You are now trapped.
you are responsible for constituting the meaning of things
you are stupid and evil and do not know that you are stupid and evil
You Are The Enemy, And We Are You.
You are the opposition!
You aren't the chosen one, get back to work.
You believe in an all powerful god and yet you break his rules? Insanity!
you bet your ass i'm disease free.
You better know
You can embrace the changing winds or not, but ask yourself, are those ties worth keeping?
You can fine-tune at will.
You can hit the Jackpot if you attempt suicide.
you can live on through your descendants
You can only get caught if it's illegal.
you can understand someone of your sex only
You Can Use Fire
You can't be too serious.
You can't buy fun like this
you can't expect people to be something they're not
you can't fool others if you're fooling yourself
You can't wake a person who is pretending to be asleep.
You can't wake a person who is pretending to be asleep. - Navajo proverb
You cannot be, what you really could, be as long as you think, you are only what you are.
You cannot step twice into the same rivers ; for fresh waters are flowing in upon you.
You cannot truly listen to anyone and do anything else at the same time. - M. Scott Peck
You catch more flies with honey, but why are you trying to catch flies?
You don't exist.
you don't know what's what until you support yourself
You don't need this ----->
You don't really fit in this hole.
you forgot to close your browser window.
You go Yahweh, Allah go mine.
You got away with it.
YOU GOT TANGO ON MY WANGO!
you gotta do something with all that eternity we got lying about
You have 30 seconds to forget this message
You just couldn't mind your own business, could you.
You know better
You know it all, don't you?
Truth Hurts, Troof Tickles.
Truth would quickly cease to become stranger than fiction, once we got as used to it. -Henry Louis Mencken
Try looking at these words WITHOUT reading them.
Try reading this page out loud.
Try to be alive. You will be dead soon enough
Try to remember
Twas Brillig, and the slithey toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe; all mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrabe.
Undermine society, everybody!
Unemployment is not a disease; so it has no cure
unique things must be the most valuable
unleash infinity
Until you realize the power of an archetype/symbol, it's just another bar in your cell.
Use condoms while screwing the establishment.
using force to stop force is absurd
Victimize Circumstance!
violence is permissible even desirable occasionally
Violence never settles anything.
Visualize Whirled Peas
Wait until you get the question before you volunteer an answer.
Wait you're worried about your Boss seeing your e-mails?
Wake up! This is all a dream!
WAKE UP.
Walk away and pretend this never happened.
War (conflict) is the father of all and the king of all; and some he has made gods and some men, some bond and some free.
War doesn't decide who's right, war decides who's left.
war is a purification rite
WAR: God's way of teaching Americans geography.
Warning: ambitious careerists may now be disguised as "progressives".
WARNING: And how!
Warning: Discourse May Lead You Astray
warning: you are now entering a bullshit free zone.
Watch out for CCTV cameras, but otherwise that idea is awesome.
Watch your back or I'll do it.
watching clouds change shapes, i see my prison
We are blinded by the colour, and see the world in black and white.
We are now approaching the Aftermath, and it will shake the mountains asunder. There will be terrifying and uncontrollable events that will pave all for the Next Cycle in Her terrible works in this world. It will amaze us all.
We are the marginalized prophets
We are watching you
We care about your saftey as much as you care about our profit margin. -The Mgt
We do not have to visit a madhouse to find disordered minds; our planet is the mental institution of the universe. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
We don't see things as they are, we see things as we are. -Anais Nin
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it. -George Bernard Shaw
We have no time for useless sentiments like individuality.
We have this area under surveillance
We invent what we love, and what we fear." -John Irving
WE KNOW IT WAS YOU
We learn from history that we do not learn from history. -Georg Wilhelm F. Hegel
We learn something every day, and lots of times it's that what we learned the day before was wrong. -Bill Vaughn
We may all be dust in the wind ; but im makein a fucking kite, how about you?
we must make sacrifices to maintain our quality of life
we need some new cliches
We refuse to be highrised, diplomaed, licensed, inventoried, registered, indoctrinated, suburbanized, sermonized, beaten, telemanipulated, gassed, booked.
We refuse to even acknowledge the wheel.
We saw her duck.
We saw that, go back there and pick it up.
We see what you did there.
We seldom attribute common sense except to those who agree with us. -La Rochefoucauld
We should all quit whinging.
We sympathize with your intolerance.
We thank you for the inconvenience.
We want nothing of a world in which the certainty of not dying from hunger comes in exchange for the risk of dying from boredom.
We watch the pain, over and over again.
We're behaving like insects
We're just two lost souls swimmin' in a fishbowl, year after year
WE'RE PROBABLY NOT AS JUDGMENTAL AS YOU MIGHT THINK.
We're sorry, this sign is currently out of order.
We're supposed to be perfect our first day on the job and then show constant improvement. -Ed Vargo
Wealth brings many friends, but a poor man's friend deserts him. -Proverbs 19:4
Welcome home
Well, what's wrong with a little destruction?
what a drag it is getting sold
What are you really thinking about?
What are you thinking now that you are finished reading this?
What are you thinking now that you are finished?
What breaks in a moment may take years to mend.
What did Medieval people do before television?
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art. -Augustus Saint-Gaudens
What if you're the one?
What is a committee? A group of the unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary. -Richard Harkness
what is stopping you from doing something so cool that it renders you IMMORTAL?
What makes you think you aren't a target?
What were you thinking about before you started reading this sentence?
What Would Paris Do?
what would you break without rules?
What you change, changes you.
what's stopping you?
What's your anti-drug, and can you overcome it?
When buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators. -P. J. O'Rourke
When I grow up, I want to be a dull working class citizen with a wife and kids and a male archetypal hobby.
When ideas fail, words come in very handy. -Goethe
When opportunity knocks, escape through the back door
When push comes to shove, you will fall.
When someone starts telling you about The Truth, run!
They know you're reading this.
They Live. We sleep
They think YOU are a criminal.
They think you're weird.
They're catching up to you!
Things fell apart and nobody did much of anything
Things you own end up owning you
Think about if what you write down is actually clever.
Think in terms of thought.
Think inside the box
Think of hummingbirds as the flying penises of flowers
Think outside the book.
thinking too much can only cause problems
This bear's repeating.
This elevator has been accident-free for 16 days!
This has probably been said before, but here it is again.
This is a mindjacking!
this is a secret society, quick spread the word.
This is a thought free zone.
this is a wasteland in your mouth
This is inappropriate
This is like Brave New World, only all the alphas are retards.
This is not a pipe.
This is Not an Exist.
THIS IS NOT AN INNUENDO!
This is not as apparent as it looks.
This is the distraction.
This is the only warning I'm allowed to give you.
THIS IS WHAT DISCORDIANS ACTUALLY BELIEVE
THIS IS YOUR TRUE DESIRE.
This isn't a debate, it's a historical re-enactment.
THIS MACHINE LIES
This may be the last time you feel great...
THIS MESSAGE HAS BEEN DELETED.
This message is false
This message is thoughtcrime.
This message isn't for you
This Message Not Valid Without Receipt
This neighborhood's drugs are 100% free.
THIS REVOLUTION IS ONE-HUNDRED PER CENT GOVERNMENT APPROVED
This sentence is a lie.
This sign is not for you.
This sign is not self-referential.
This sticker is upside-down.
This sticker written on the internet.
This world is a toolbox, full of loose screws.
those who do the impossible never believe the impossible
Those who don't question their own beliefs probably shouldn't have any.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable. -John F. Kennedy
Those who think ignorance is bliss are ignorant and blissful
Those you think are your friends are really your enemies... and those you think are your enemies are still your enemies...
Thousands upon thousands are yearly brought into a state of real poverty by their great anxiety over not to be thought poor. -Robert Mallett
Time flies like an arrow... Fruit flies like a banana.
Time flies whether you're having fun or not. -Mary Engelbreit
Time's fun when you're having flies
timidity is laughable
Tis an ill wind that blows no minds.
To be free today means to participate.
To be happy is a new notion
To be written on elevator doors: "You are now trapped"
To demand 'sense' is the hallmark of nonsense. Nature does not make sense. Nothing makes sense. -Ayn Rand
to disagree presupposes moral integrity
To find fault is easy; to do better may be difficult. -Plutarch
To obtain a man's opinion of you, make him mad. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
To speak of right and wrong per se makes no sense at all. No act of violence, rape, exploitation, destruction, is intrinsically unjust, since life itself is violent, rapacious, exploitative, and destructive, and cannot be conceived otherwise. -Friedrich Nietzsche
to volunteer is reactionary
Today is a bad day for a revolution!
Today is a good day to join the revolution!
Today is a good day to sign up for the revolution!
Today is a good day to start the revolution!
Too much Freedom can be extremely unpleasant.
true freedom is frightful
True love is overrated
Trust me--I am an anonymous stranger with foul intentions!
the most profound things are inexpressible
the new is nothing but a restatement of the old
The new money is info.
The number of people watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The one who loves the least, controls the relationship. -Robert Anthony
The only difference between us is that I wrote this and you are reading it.
The only thing worth doing with your time is wasting it
the only way to be pure is to stay by yourself
The penis is mightier than the sword.
The people must fight for its law as for its walls
The police are your friends.
The primary difference between the stage magician and the practitioner of the occult is that the magician uses illusion and misdirection to deceive an audience, while the occultist uses illusion and misdirection to deceive himself.
The problem is that the problem isn't a problem.
The purpose of accepting authority is to learn to outgrow it.
The quality of an organization can never exceed the quality of the minds that make it up. -Harold R. McAlindon
The radical of one century is the conservative of the next. The radical invents the views. When he has worn them out, the conservative adopts them. -Mark Twain
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money. -unknown
The real Supreme Court meets up here
THE REVOLUTION Tonight on channel 7
The revolution has abandoned you-- You're on your own now
The revolution is over, and yet here you are. It only takes one.
The revolution is unbelievable because it's real.
The Revolution will be commercial free.
The revolution will be the same
The revolution will not be teleprompted.
The Revolution will not be televised.
the revolution will not realised
The Sanity is IN.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. -Albert Einstein
The spiritual fridge is full of leftovers.
The state calls its own violence law, but that of the individual crime.
The successful revolutionary is a statesman, the unsuccessful one a criminal. -Erich Fromm
the sum of your actions determines what you are
The supernatural is inherently unknowable.
The television will not be revolutionized.
The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat. -Lily Tomlin
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt. -Bertrand Russell
The trouble with using experience as a guide is that the final exam often comes first and then the lesson.
The truth is manifest in such a way that it can be found in the thickest of lies.
The Truth Is No.
The Truth is not for sale - your tax money helps keep the Truth in good hands.
The truth is the biggest lie anyone ever told
the unattainable is invariable attractive
The universe is like a grapefruit--it's yellow and dimply, and some people have half of one for breakfast.
The universe, including the parts occupied by matter, is made almost entirely of empty space. Since nature abhors a vacuum, it would seem evident that the universe is comprised mostly of self loathing.
the unknown has done nothing to warrant it being something worth fearing
The walls we build around us to keep out the sadness also keep out the joy. -Jim Rohn
The way up and the way down is one and the same.
the whether is changing
The wisest man is an ape compared to god.
The womb is a prison - Fetus liberation front
The world doesn't stop just because you are having a shitty day.
The world doesn't stop just because you’re having a bad day.
the world is end and we are basking in it's imaginative echo
The world is full to bursting with people exactly like you.
The world is the inbox and you are the spam
the world operates according to discoverable laws
Theft is liberty
theft is the liberty of property
There ain't no justice
There are five kinds of people:
There are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke.
there are no answers. only questions. BE YOUR OWN FUCKING MESSIAH.
There are no chickens in the coup.
There are no extras in THIS movie.
There are no security cameras on the premises.
There are no unrelated factors. Everything hangs in the balance.
There are persons who, when they cease to shock us, cease to interest us. -F. H. Bradley
there are too few immutable truths today
There are two kinds of people in the world: those who believe there are two kinds of people and those who don't. -Benchley's Law of Distinction
There are two things in life that require adequate penetration, one of them is welding.
There can be no difference anywhere that does not make a difference somewhere. -William James
There is an exception to every rule. Chaos is everywhere!
there is HIMEOBS in my carpet
There is no conspiracy.
There is no excess of self-expression that will not serve you well.
There Is No Friend Anywhere.
There is no gravity, the earth just sucks.
There is no help.
There is no more revolution;
There is no Santa Claus. It's your parents. Same goes for Jesus.
There is no such thing as "normal"...please try again.
There is no such thing as innocence, only varying degrees of guilt.
There is no such thing as The Machine.
There is no Truth here.
There is not a struggle between authority and democracy, but between industrial society and humanity.
There is nothing to worry about, ever, really!
There is only one basic human right: the right to do as you damn well please. And with it comes the only basic human duty: the duty to take the consequences.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about. -Oscar Wilde
There is some fiction in your truth, and some truth in your fiction.
There IS something hiding in your closet.
There's $30 hidden around here.
There's a fine line between pride in one's identity and unearned moral superiority. -Emily Bazelon
There's no LIE in BELIEF.
there's nothing except what you sense
there's nothing redeeming in toil
There's nothing wrong with slavery
There's someone in my head, but it's not me
Therefore, by transitive relation, theft is liberty.
These days, it takes a square to show you what's cool.
They are a puckish band of rapscallions
They are hunting dogs.
THEY buy your happiness. Steal it back.
They can take our guns, but they can't take our ignorance!
They know you're not as weird as you pretend.
Start finishing what you finished starting.
Start up, log in, zone out.
Starting a cult is both a science and a fart.
starvation is nature's way
stasis is a dream state
Step on a crack
sterilization is a weapon of the rulers
Stop deluding yourself, everyone finishes last..
Stop history
Stop it, just fucking stop it.
Stop reading, start thinking.
Stop searching forever. Happiness is just next to you.
Stop searching forever. Happiness is unattainable.
STOP TALKING.
Stop whispering. Start shouting.
STOP WORMHOLE EXPERIMENTATION
STOP YOUR CHILDREN FROM LEARNING!
STOP. Is your children learning?
Strike back against [terrorist/government] oppression! Send pizza to the following address: [write address here]
Strike the sheep and the shepherds will scatter.
strong emotional attachment stems from basic insecurity
STRUCTURE IS THE LEADING CAUSE OF CHAOS
stupid people shouldn't breed
Stupidity is the cure for what ails you.
Subconscious included. Results may vary.
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go. -William Feather
Such Oddacity.
Suicide is against the law!
Support free enterprise: shoplift.
Support Our Fruits.
SUPPORT OUR GENOCIDE
Support safe sex: give a blowjob to a prostitute.
Support your local ceiling.
Surgeon General's Warning: independent thought is hazardous to the establishment.
survival of the fittest applies to men and animals
Swim Upstream to Reverse Current Thinking
symbols are more meaningful than things themselves
Synthetic reality and real reality are THE SAME THING.
Take a picture, it'll last longer.
take me to the wizard, he'll know what to do
Take no shit, take a crap
take nothing for granted
Take the RED pill.
taking a strong stand publicizes the opposite position
Talk to the next person that reads this
talking is used to hide one's inability to act
Taxes: Of life's two certainties, the only one for which you can get an extension.
Taze a kitten!
Tea isn't everyone's cup of freedom.
teasing people sexually can have ugly consequences
technology will make or break us
Tell ________ we're looking for him.
Temptoe through the toolies
Terrorism.
Thank Satan i'm a Christian.
Thank you for your contribution to the mainstream
That makes sense
That that is is that that is not is not is that it it is
That was a bad idea.
That wasn't a bomb; it was a suggestion.
That wasn't aimed at you.
That's a fish and you know it!
That's just what I believe
That's no excuse, and you know it.
The "counter-culture" is neither.
The average human has ___ original thoughts per day.
The Average Person has less than three Original Thoughts per week. You'd better get cracking.
The best practice of abstinence is abstinence of it.
The best things in life are ridiculous.
The big theives hang the little ones.
The boss needs you, you don't need him.
The brain is the greatest sex organ of all
The Bucket is Going to Kick You!
The car stopped on a dime, which unfortunately was in a pedestrian's pocket.
The compulsion to do good is an innate American trait. Only North Americans seem to believe that they always should, may, and actually can choose somebody with whom to share their blessings. Ultimately this attitude leads to bombing people into the acceptance of gifts. -Ivan Illich
The conspiracy does not exist... But that doesn't mean you can't join.
The cops haven't caught me yet.
The cotton clothing is made of grows in Mississippi.
The coward regards himself as cautious, the miser as thrifty. -Publilius Syrus
the cruelest disappointment is when you let yourself down
the desire to reproduce is a death wish
The difference between apathy and ignorance?, I dont know and couldnt care less.
The difference between jokes and tragedies is that jokes aren't always funny.
the dishonest sage tells you he is lying
The End Is Queer!(tm)
The End is Rear!
The Establishment would like to thank you for your continued support.
the family is living on borrowed time
The friend of your friend is your enemy.
The future is history.
The Game
The gateway drug was shut so we can hotbox this joint with tobacco.
the goal of religion is its dissollution
The goodness of the true pun is in the direct ratio of its intolerability.
The grass IS greener on the other side, alas, it is federal property and you cannot enter.
The graveyards are full of indespensible men. -Charles de Gaulle
The harder you work, the luckier you get. -McAlexander
The hidden hand of the market will never work without a hidden fist.
The Hmm Law - Anyone who says the word "hmm" is nowhere near as clever as they think they are and should be ignored at all costs.
The horse raced past the barn fell.
the human brain is like a grizzly bear with a midget on the back trying to control it
the idea of revolution is an adolescent fantasy
the idea of transcendence is used to obscure oppression
The Ideal is in thyself, the impediments too is in thyself. -Thomas Carlyle
the idiosyncratic has lost its authority
The invisible hand of the market will never work without an invisible fist.
the keepers of time are robots.
The last person to read this was far more attractive then the next, don't you agree?
The laws weren't made for people like you
The liberation of humanity will be total or it will not be.
The longer you're around the older you get.
The Machine (TM) says: Go back to sleep!
THE MACHINE STOPS, BUT THE ROBOT IS DREAMING
The mainstream is a sewer. Learn to swim.
The mainstream is; Warm and Cozy; Running down my thigh.
The man in the green jacket will tell you what to do next.
The man saw the boy with the binoculars.
The Management would like to thank you for not subverting the dominant paradigm.
The media lies.
The medium and placement of these would completely define the meaning.
the meek really will inherit the earth, 6 foot by 3 of it...
The moment we want to believe something, we suddenly see all the arguments for it, and become blind to the arguments against it. -George Bernard Shaw
Pwn free and clear.
Q: Can you think for yourself? A:
Question Authority--and the authorities will question you.
Question Authority; that's an order!
Question lobotomy.
Question...everything?
Quick! Everyone count to zero!
Quick, while no one is looking!
QUICK! PICTURE YOUR GRANDPARENTS HAVING SEX!
Quick! What are your last words?!
Quiet! The ears have walls!
R.I.P - Habeus Corpus 1782-2006
raise boys and girls the same way
random mating is good for debunking sex myths
Rational explanations only trump irrational explanations with other rational people.
read banned books
Read less, live more.
Reality does not give a shit about your opinions
Reality is not a persistent hallucination.
Reality is the Illusion of Reason.
Reality is unbelievable.
Reality without drugs would fuck anybody up
Reason is the Illusion of Reality.
Rebel against this command.
Rebels died for your right to obey.
rechanneling destructive impulses is a sign of maturity
recluses always get weak
Recycle your pets
Recycle your pets (not mine but it's a classic)
redistributing wealth is imperative
Reduce Distill Purify Teach
Refuse to be terrorized, people!
Reinvent retardation.
Rejoin the human race.
relativity is no boon to mankind
religion causes as many problems as it solves
Religion is a man staring at a tree and wondering who is moving the leaves.
Remember the . . . what was it again?
Remember to forget sometimes.
Remember to lie to your loved ones
remember you always have freedom of choice
Remember: The sky is actually out, not up.
Removal of this wall prohibited by order of government.
Remove this sticker after device has successfully camoflagued.
Remove your company loyalty genes.
Repetition is a form of change.
repetition is the best way to learn
RESIST THIS IMPULSE
resolutions serve to ease our conscience
Return to this spot at __ o'clock for further information.
Revelations will not be televised.
revolution begins with changes in the individual
revolution means going around in circles.
Robots can Time, are you?
romantic love was invented to manipulate women
Rome wasn't built from a couch.
routine is a link with the past
routine small excesses are worse than then the occasional debauch
Rudeness is a weak man's imitation of strength. -Eric Hoffer
RUN WHILE YUO STILL HAVE LEGS!
Run, comrade, the old world is behind you!
Run. You're watching you.
sacrificing yourself for a bad cause is not a moral act
salvation can't be bought and sold
Sanity is not your most valuable asset.
Sanity isn't the survival trait it used to be.
satanism is a christian's way of becoming enlightened.
SAVE THE MUSHROOMS! drop acid
Scene and Herd.
Science is a cult
scratch'n'sniff
Second star on the right, and onward 'till dawn
Secrecy kills.
Secure your future: Declare yourself Jesus while masturbating in public.
Security without freedom is prison.
Self improvement is masturbation
self-awareness can be crippling
self-contempt can do more harm than good
selfishness is the most basic motivation
separatism is the way to a new beginning
Seriously, in another second or two, you're going to really hate yourself for having read the entirety of this self-indulgent abortion of a sentence.
sex differences are here to stay
She dropped them back up my bag by the idea.
sheep -without them the Sheppard would have no clothes and nothing to eat
Shh! My common sense is tingling!
SHHHHHH. listen.
Shit Floats.
Shit sucks, don't it?
Should we start over?
Shoving feathers up your butt doesn't make you a chicken
Shut up! Keep walking!
Si hoc legere scis nimium eruditionis habes
Simulate yourself
sin is a means of social control
Slippery when slick
slipping into madness is good for the sake of comparison
sloppy thinking gets worse over time
Small minds think alike, too.
smash -HERE- to find out
Smile for the camera!
So, read any good books lately?
Social norms are for the weak.
sociopath clowns "deadly but funny"
sociopath mimes "silent but deadly"
Soil isn't a document
solitude is enriching
Some days it seems like the whole point of everything is just to laugh like a fucking goon.
Some farts go poof.
Some farts go poop.
Some people have a large circle of friends while others have only friends that they like.
Some people in this country dont have maps
Somebody hates you
somebody stop me. please.
Somebody you spoke to recently is stalking you.
Somebody, somewhere, thinks you are scum.
Someone knows better than you
someone should do something about that
someone should really kick the next person that says "we should" IN THE NADS
sometimes things seem to happen of their own accord
Sometimes your best just isn't good enough.
Sooner or later we'll get your kids
Sorry I hit your car, you shouldn't even notice the damage.
Specialization is for insects
spending too much time on self-improvement is antisocial
SPOILERS: You die at the end.
Squad 23 disguises the jet ski.
Stamp Out ___ism.
No one noticed.
No pain, no pain.
No perception leads to self deception.
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY.
NO Purchase Necessary. Ever.
No question is so difficult to answer as that to which the answer is obvious. -George Bernard Shaw
No reason to get excited, the thief, he kindly spoke,
No replastering, the structure is rotten.
No weapon is a substitute for zeal.
NO YOU!
No, you're not a rebel.
nobody is in charge
Nobody likes a paragon of perfection.
noise can be hostile
Noone knows our destination.
Normal
Not all people are human.
not valid without receipt
Nothing bad ever happens if you don't do anything.
Nothing changes more constantly than the past; for the past that influences our lives does not consist of what happened, but of what men believe happened. -Gerald W. Johnston
nothing is something
Nothing knits man to man like the frequent passage from hand to hand of cash. -Walter Richard Sickert
Nothing makes an entrance more inviting than a nice pair of knockers.
nothing rhymes with poetry.
Nothing so much prevents our being natural as the desire to seem so. -François, Duc de La Rochefoucauld
Now Accepting New Patience
Now now, don't go starting any revolutions! -the Mgt.
Now that you've read this I'll follow you home.
Now walk 30 steps southwest.
Now you know how Cattle Feel.
Obedience crimes: Thank you for your cooperation.
Objectively speaking, you ARE an object. Subjectively speaking, I AM a subject.
occasionally principles are more valuable than people
offer very little information about yourself
often you should act like you are sexless
Oh, and the walrus was Paul.
Okay now recite the alphabet from 0
Once you leave this room, will anything change?
One can always be kind to people about whom one cares nothing. -Oscar Wilde
One man's theology is another man's belly laugh. -Robert Heinlein
Only Americans are real humans
Only happy people get to be happy. Go cry somewhere.
Only the insane prosper
Only the winners decide what were war crimes. -Gary Wills
ONLY YOU CAN DECIDE!
opacity is an irresistible challenge
Open your mind to closed-mindedness.
Open your mind, but be sure to carry an umbrella.
operating under the illusion
Operatives are standing by.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them. -Anne Landers
Opportunity doesn't knock
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. -Thomas Edison
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell.
Optimism is easy if you ignore everything and drink a lot.
Ordinarily, I'd take you in my court and try you and hang you. But if you've got money for whiskey, I guess we can dispense with those proceedings.
Orwell was right.
Orwell wasn't right... he was dead on.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds. -George Eliot
outside a repository for art: "But . . . is it an art museum?"
pain can be a very positive thing
Pain unlike pleasure wears no mask.
Paradox isn't.
Patriotism isn't about being a better citizen, it's about demanding a better country.
Peace is a graveyard.
peer amid the all-seeing eye.
People are blinky
people are boring unless they are extremists
People are Human.
people are nuts if they think they are important
People don't kill terrorists, guns do: SUPPORT OUR RIFLES!
People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -George Orwell
people who don't work with their hands are parasites
People who work get bored when they don't work. People who don't work never get bored.
people won't behave if they have nothing to lose
Perversion is a state of mind.
Perverts aren't the only ones to molest your kids.
Philosophy is masturbation, it achieves hardly anything and won't get you far in life, but it feels good so we do it anyway.
physical culture is second best
Pink Floyd lied to me?
planning for the future is escapism
playing it safe can cause a lot of damage in the long run
please change beliefs
Please do not panic. Reality is leaking. Everything will be under control shortly.
Please leave the Communist Party as clean on leaving as you would like to find it on entering.
Please litter, landfills are bad for the environment.
Please look away immediately.
Please panic: everything is under control.
Please remain calm: All panicking is being taken care of by your locally elected official.
Please use other door.
Please use your natural reaction.
Plebiscite: Whether we say yes or no, it makes chumps of us.
Poetry is in the street.
Politician, govern thyself.
Politicians and diapers should be changed often, and for the same reason
Politicians do not rule our lives: a million filing clerks do.
Politicians do not rule our lives: a million paper pushers do.
Politics has become a game of meaningless, mindless battles, conducted by unscrupulous methods and people, designed to transform even the most serious policy debates into sport. -Al Gore, May 2006
Politics is a strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
politics is used for personal gain
Popes needed
Population Growth does not constitute Human Advancement
Pose as a spy, work as a friend.
Post "Warmer" and "Colder" signs around and see if anyone follows them.
potential counts for nothing until it's realized
power for those who can fuck it freedom for those who can fight it sex for those who can buy it television today never lies
Power to the Imagination.
practice random acts
Pretend this is Reality
Pretty soon you'll get arrested for reading this.
private property created crime
PRIVATIZE THE IRS! POWER TO THE PEOPLE!
Procrastination is the thief of time. -Edward Young
Prop Up The System!
Proper noun noun proper noun noun verb verb proper noun noun
Property doth make cowards of us all
Property is theft.
Property is theft. Property is liberty. Property is impossible.
Prophets profit.
Prosperity is a great teacher; adversity a greater. -William Hazlitt
pursuing pleasure for the sake of pleasure will ruin you
push yourself to the limit as often as possible
leisure time is a gigantic smoke screen
Less is a possibilty
Let us prey
Let's all get together and throw flingbobs
Let's be cruel!
Let's go stomp those weirdies for Jesus!
Liberty was that thing you lost when you "forgot" to vote because you took the wrong turn off the interstate and couldn't be arsed to turn around and go back, thirty seconds out of your way.
Liberty was that thing you lost when you had the opportunity to protest the bullshit Patriot Acts, the warrantless wiretapping, and the fact you know your neighbor's sister's boyfriend has been in trouble with the law only because his name is "Abdul."
Liberty was that thing you lost while you were scratchin' your balls on the couch and watching the latest "America's Got Talent!" episode.
Liberty was that thing you lost while you were spending $10 in gas, to drive to the Circle K to buy a $2.50 64-oz. soda.
Life comes at you fast, if you're lucky.
Life has no rehearsals, only performances.
Life is a joke - death is the punchline
Life is a perpetual instruction in cause and effect. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is not a free show...the price is life.
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination. -Christopher Isherwood
Life is only one damn thing after another. -Elbert Hubbard
Life is price less.
life is sacred until 18-vote no on abortion yes on cannon fodder
Life's a gamble: are you just playing for pennies?
Life's short, Fail Hard!
Life's tough, ain't it?
listen when your body talks
Live fast, live slow, die anyway.
Live without dead time [time of boredom, time at work] - enjoy without chains.
Living in the past devalues currency.
Look at the finger!!
Look behind you, they're looking behind you.
Look for people picking their nose in their car.
looking back is the first sign of aging and decay
Looks like someone divided by zero.
Love is a many-splintered thing
love your enemy
loving animals is a substitute activity
low expectations are good protection
Lucifer goes to church.
MAGICK IS REAL!!!* *For very limited definitions of "magick" and "real".
Mail Bombs: My Anti-Drug
Make a man a fire and he'll be warm through the night. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
MAKE IT STOP
make sure you get all your daily requirements of violence and miniatures
Make up your words.
Make weirdness normal.
Makes little sense when applied to its quotation
Making something illegal only makes it illegal.
Man is the only animal that blushes. Or needs to. -Mark Twain
Man would sooner have the Void for his purpose than be void of Purpose. -Friedrich Nietzsche
Man's character is his fate.
Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind. -John F. Kennedy
manual labor can be refreshing and wholesome
Masturbation is self-improvement.
maybe partying will help
maybe tomorrow will be even MORE perfect.
Meanwhile everyone wants to breathe and nobody can breathe and many say, "We will breathe later". And most of them don't die because they are already dead.
meet us in orbit
men are not monogamous by nature
Men do not despise a thief if he steals to satisfy his hunger when he is starving. -Proverbs 6:30
Mentally Retarded Zen Masters
Metallica Still Sucks
Minimalism can get pretty tricky.
minimalism is about the big picture
minimalism is about the details
Mission accomplished.
Mistakes are at the very base of human thought, embedded there, feeding the structure like root nodules. If we were not provided with the knack for being wrong, we could never get anything useful done. We think our way along by choosing between right and wrong alternatives, and the wrong choices have to be made as often as the right ones. We get along in life this way. -Lewis Thomas
Moderation is a virtue only in those who are thought to have an alternative. -Henry Kissinger
Moderation is... luke-warm tea, the devils own brew!
moderation kills the spirit
Mohammed made a good profit
Moisten pellets with water to stimulate feeding behavior.
Mommy's all right, Daddy's all right, they just seem a little weird
Money often costs too much. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Monogamy is Perverted.
monomania is a prerequisite of success
morals are for little people
most people are not fit to rule themselves
mostly you should mind your own business
mothers shouldn't make too many sacrifices
Move within the crowd not with the crowd
Mow Mow Boppa Mow Mow Mow
much was decided before you were born
My armor is contempt
My father warned me about men and booze... but he never said anything about women and cocaine.
My favorite weapon is the look in your eyes
My other outlet for my chaotic impulses is YOUR MOM.
My, don't we all look _smashing_ in red.
myth can make reality more intelligible
Narrow Mindedness is an awful condition to contract.
Nature loves to hide.
Nature never deceives us; it is always we who deceive ourselves. -Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Necessity never made a good bargain. -Benjamin Franklin
Neither God nor master!
Never appeal to a man's "better nature". He may not have one.
Never ask for anything ... especially from those more powerful than you
Never attribute to intelligence that which can be adequately explained by sheer dumb luck.
Never mind that.
Never reconstruct the indestructible
Never sign a contract including any of the phrases "sort of", kind of", or "and stuff".
Never wrestle a pig. You both get dirty and the pig likes it.
Nice one. You got away with it.
No direction is the right direction
No forbidding allowed.
No girdle ever cured a pregnancy
No hidden window here.
No man was ever so much deceived by another as by himself. -Greville
No matter how much spin, effort, lunch or dinner you give the media, they will not fail to notice whether you have won or lost. -Robin Renwick
No matter where or what, there are makers, takers, and fakers. -Robert Heinlein
NO MORE MINDLESS GRAFFITI NO MORE MINDLESS GRAFFITI NO MORE MINDLESS GRAFFITI NO MORE MINDLESS GRAFFITI NO MORE MINDLESS GRAFFITI
No one can tell you're faking it, too.
No one cares if you lie on the internet.
No one gets out alive.
No one has died for your sins
No one is completely unhappy at the failure of his best friend. -Groucho Marx
No one is stopping you
In here we're all anemic.
In Iraq you are a terrorist
In the end. there's a period.
In the event of an emergency, celebrate!
In the event of an emergency, we will always remember 9-11.
In the event of confusion: stop, think and die.
In the long run we are all dead.
In under 100 years, you will be dead.
Information so powerful you actually use less!
inheritance must be abolished
Initiation is never over.
Innocence Proves Nothing.
Insolence is the new revolutionary weapon.
Instant opinion: Malice generally is stupidity.
Instructions on a fool proof plan: step one, build a better idiot
Intelligence should never be multiplied into the realm of the truly arbitrary
iPods are made of people!
is Joe apart of Nixon's Plumbers Union?
is this a stupid question?
Is this enough validation for your insecurities?
it can be helpful to keep going no matter what
It can't rain all the time
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is; it's always room-temperature.
It doesn't matter what you do. you still die.
It happened to you too
It has been said that democracy is the worst form of Government — except all those other forms that have been tried. — Winston Churchill
it is a gift to the world not to have babies
It is better to deserve honours and not have them than to have them and not to deserve them. -Mark Twain
It is better to know nothing than to know what ain't so. -Josh Billings
It is easier to be critical than correct. -Benjamin Disraeli
It is forbidden to forbid.
It is happening again.
It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -Henry Louis Mencken
it is heroic to try to stop time
It is impossible to love and to be wise. -Francis Bacon
it is man's fate to outsmart himself
It is no good for men to get all they wish to get.
It is not meet to act and speak like men asleep.
It is not the death of the government but rather the death of it's people that destroys freedom
It is not the horror of war that troubles me, it is the unseen horrors of peace
It is now safe to turn off your government
It is only too easy to catch people's attention by doing something worse than anyone else has dared to do it before. -Claude Monet
It is only when you lose everything you will be free to do anything
It is the apocalypse. Do you know where your laxatives are?
It might be worth it.
It seems safe to say that significant discovery, really creative thinking, does not occur with regard to problems about which the thinker is lukewarm. -Mary Henle
it's a headless blunder
It's a very funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it. -William Somerset Maugham
It's all been done before. So do it louder
It's all or nothing. Accept no substitute!
It's always been and always will be the same in the world: The horse does the work and the coachman is tipped.
It's always today.
It's an Elder Thing--you wouldn't understand.
it's better to be a good person than a famous person
it's better to be lonely than to be with inferior people
it's better to be naive than jaded
it's better to study the living fact than to analyze history
It's bread and circuses, not bread, health, shelter, dignity and circuses
it's crucial to have an active fantasy life
It's getting worse, isn't it?
It's good to be the King.
it's important to stay clean on all levels
it's just an accident that your parents are your parents
It's never too late to start.
It's nigh on time I started using this phrase.
It's not a benefit unless you use it.
it's not an afterlife; it's an afterthought.
it's not good to hold too many absolutes
It's not lies if we know the truth.
It's ok that you don't know.
It's one thing to see death coming at the hands of your own creation. Oedipus and his father. Baron Frankenstein and his monster. William Henry Gates and Windows '09.
IT'S ONLY A JOKE UNTIL "THEY" GET THE PUNCHLINE
It's only due to modern technology that you can be as pleasingly plump as you are.
It's only illegal if you get caught.
It's painful to suffer the bosses; it's even stupider to pick them.
It's time to climb down off the cross, use the wood to build a bridge, and GET OVER IT!
It's too late; you're part of it now.
It's true what they say about women. It's an irregular plural.
It's your fault we're cheating.
It's yuor pet hate. Keep it out of my face. I'm allergic to dumb animals.
its funny cause its true
Its the penultimate countdown.
Jesus died for your sensei.
Jesus loves war!
Jesus made a good profit
Jesus was a Buddhist
Jesus was a profit.
Jesus was a reverse necrophiliac: he died and got a rise out of it.
Jesus was an Arab Jew
Jesus' love for you is like a berserker.
John was a quiet gentleman who liked to work in the garden, read literary works, and devour kittens.
Join the revolution today, don't die tomorrow.
Just because it's common sense doesn't mean it's true.
Just because it's not wrong doesn't make it right.
Just because you wake up, doesn't mean you have to stop dreaming.
Just because you're paranoid, doesn't mean they aren't out to get you.
just believing something can make it happen
Just do it.
Keep quiet about this.
keep something in reserve for emergencies
keep your eyes open
Keep your hands to yourself or you won't be allowed to have them.
Keep your mouth shut, bugs are about.
KICK NADS. KICK NADS NOW.
Kill time before it kills you!
Kill your Idle
Kill Your Idols.
Kill your imagination.
killing is unavoidable but nothing to be proud of
KING KONG DIED FOR YOUR SINS
Knock yourself out.
Know: Purchase necessary.
knowing yourself lets you understand others
knowledge should be advanced at all costs
labor is a life-destroying activity
lack of charisma can be fatal
Language is speaking you.
Laugh
Laugh for 10-15 mins or until hysterically screaming
Laughter is never inappropriate.
Laws make criminals.
Lead Ashtray
Leadership means taxes
Learn to Dis-earn
Leave me the hell alone!
Lego my Ego
I love the absolution of all jocks and preps--Skate or die!!!
I love you.
I make a living off of saying badass shit
I managed to sneak up behind you while you were reading this.
I once shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas I don't know. — Groucho Marx
I only live about ten percent in this reality.
I pooped in the urinal on my birthday.
I puked here
I regret to inform you that you have been replaced with a robot. Please proceed to the nearest execution box.
I saw what you did just now
I see what you did there.
I see you're the brains of the operation.
I shaved a message even more interesting than this one on the back of your head
I SUPPORT MORE TROOPS THAN YOU.
i support the right to say stupid shit.
I SUPPORT THE WAR, JUST NOT THE TROOPS
I suspect God of being a leftist intellectual.
I take part; you take part; he takes part; we take part; you all take part; they profit.
I think the Government likes you, he's looking at you.
I think the terrorists just won.
I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to, too. — Mitch Hedberg
I waited and waited and you never came. It's over. - The Revolution
I want to die like my father, quietly, in his sleep—not screaming and terrified like his passengers. — Bob Monkhouse
I want to exist, therefore I am thinking.
I want your money back.
I wasted this life on the Bodhisattva Promise, and all i got was YUO!
I wish I could go home right now; there is nothing to do here.
I... have become... comfortably numb
I'd like to like you like you like me.
I'm already against the next war.
I'm already fighting the next war.
I'm done counting statistics.
I'm fond of children--except for boys.
I'm looking for a cynical girl
I'm not suffering from insanity, I'm enjoying a delicious creampie.
I'm not wearing any underwear
I'm on thought rations
I'm still trying to find pricing for billboard space.
I'm trying... very trying.
I'm with intelligent --->
I've come a long way since I've believed in anything
I've got an overload of bottomless thought right here in my left fist
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it. — Groucho Marx
I've seen the future and I leave it all behind
ideals are replaced by conventional goals at a certain age
If a million people believe a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing. -Anatole France
If a tree falls in the forest, and no-one is around to hear it... is God omnipresent?
If any of you loved me, you'd kill yourselves in my honor.
If God was real, you'd be dead by now.
If I had an axe, I'd still be free.
If I was witty, I'm sure you'd be laughing by now.
If ignorance is bliss, wipe that smile off your face.
If it ain't broke, fix it 'til it is.
If it is as it is is it as it is or as it is to be pneumoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
If it wasn't for television, you'd have never gotten that tattoo.
If it weren’t for common courtesy, I’d rape the lot of you.
If it's not pointlessly complicated, it's not going to work
If life gives you lemons, build a rocket-powered lemon gun.
If life gives you lemons, find a small child with open wounds.
If nothing changes, nothing changes.
If the Devil is the God of baser things, I dare you to hit a home run.
If the world seems to be getting smaller, your stupidity is increasing
If there really is an omnipotent God, It's fine with me putting this sticker here.
If this was a movie, would you be a character in it? Or just an extra?
If voting actually worked then it would be against the law
If we'd been born where they were born and taught what they were taught, we would believe what they believe. -Church Sign in Northern Ireland
If you are going through hell, keep going. — Winston Churchill
if you aren't a monkey wrench yet, you still have evolving to do
if you aren't political your personal life should be exemplary
If you aren't thinking, stop existing.
If you bang your head against a brick wall long enough, do the colors of the pot and the kettle change so that they look different?
If you can read this, I love you.
IF YOU CAN READ THIS, YOU MUST BE THIS TALL
If you can read this, you're not drinking enough poison
If you can't answer a man's argument, all is not lost; you can still call him vile names. -Elbert Hubbard
If you can't laugh at yourself, then others will do the laughing for you.
if you can't leave your mark give up
If you didn't descend from apes, why are you constantly flinging shit?
If you disobey, they will take away your iPods.
If you disobey, we will increase funding for the Entertainments.
If you do it, want it.
If you do not expect the unexpected, you will not find it; for it is hard to be sought out and difficult.
If you do that you have a chance of dying
If you don't control your mind, someone else will. -John Allston
If you don't take control of your mind, your mind will take control of you.
If you fuck the system without protection something nasty is bound to happen.
If you hadn't seen this, it wouldn't exist.
if you have many desires your life will be interesting
If you jump off a bridge, would you do it too?
If you keep doing what you're doing, you'll keep getting what you're getting.
if you live simply there is nothing to worry about
If you meet a man with a gun in the road, hide your Buddhahood.
If you meet the Buddha on the road, convert him.
If you meet the Gouda on the road, grill it.
If you outlaw guns then only outlaws will have guns
if you see buddha on the road, give him a doughnut.
If you see the Buddha on the road, please call 911.
If you stand on this spot long enough, you will see some very strange things.
If you take too long in deciding what to do with your life, you'll find you've done it. -George Bernard Shaw
if you think this line is clever, you should check what i wrote on the back of the toilet pot
If you think you Cain, you might be Abel
If you want it, do it.
If you were looking for a sign, this is it.
If you were really thinking outside of the box, you'd be asking why it's a box you have to think outside of.
If you won't shut the hell up, go watch TV so it can shut you the hell up.
If you'll read this, what else do you waste your time on?
If you're not living on the edge You take up too much room
If you're not part of the solution or the problem, then you're a pawn.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate. — Henry J. Tillman
If you're the answer, what was the question?
If you're trying to choose between two theories and one gives you an excuse for being lazy, the other one is probably right. -Paul Graham
If your thoughts aren't original, they're not really yours, are they?
Ignorance can be cured--but stupid is forever.
Ignorance is bliss the best you can hope for
ignorance is knowledge
Ignorance isn't free!
ignoring enemies is the best way to fight
Ignoring politics won't make it disappear.
illness is a state of mind
Im With (Biased Individual)
Imagine a world without Religion. Now live in it.
Imagine the unimaginable
Immorality: The morality of those who are having a better time. -Henry Louis Mencken
Immune to beatification, but not to beating
In a society that has abolished all adventures, the only adventure left is to abolish society.
In case of fire, burn.
In civilized life, where the happiness, and indeed almost the existence, of man depends so much upon the opinion of his fellow men, he is constantly acting a studied part. -Washington Irving
In every destructive impulse, there is also a creative one.
God doesn't give a fuck. Get over it.
God exists only when we are unaware of him.
GOD IS A PERVERT
GOD IS DEAD AND NOONE CARES
God isn't a cupcake: but what if He was?
going with the flow is soothing but risky
Good artists borrow. Great artists starve to death.
Good breeding consists in concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person. -Mark Twain
Good Morning! Nope, nothing's changed.
Got a college degree? If not, you don't have a minute to spare!
Government Complaints Box
Grab life by the neck and squeeze!
grass roots agitation is the only hope
Grate with purpose
Great minds think alike, but they seldom march in single file.
Great! Doesn't it
Green paper makes me happy!
Grey! Did I hear you say grey?
guilt and self-laceration are indulgences
Guy Debord is dead, don't consume his corpse.
Guys have right. Change are coming.
Habeas Corpus
habitual contempt doesn't reflect a finer sensibility
Hail Eris! All Hail Discordia!
Hail Stones!
Happiness is a new idea.
Harmony is Concordant Discord. -Pythagoras
Harry Potter is the Jesus for our age.
Hate the Poor: what are THEY gonna do about it.
Hatred may breed contempt, but ignorance invites it in for dinner.
Have you been alive lately?
Have you seen my stapler?
Have your furries spayed and neutered!
He can't be a man cause he does not smoke the same cigarettes as me
He gives twice who gives promptly. -Publilius Syrus
He sells contact lenses for a cubist world
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals. -Benjamin Franklin
He that leaveth nothing to chance will do few things ill, but he will do very few things. -George Savile
He's a trash-culture king on a four-color throne
Hell hath no humor like a discordian scorned.
help me i've turned into a sentence
help me i've turned into paper
Here he comes--here comes Speed Racer--he's a demon on wheels
Here, take this shovel. You know what to do.
Here's what I know,
Heretics have the best barbecues!
Heroes Needed! Inquire within.
hey sheeple! whos your shepard!
Hey, you in the gray suit. Your wife is cheating on you.
hiding your emotions is despicable
HIMEOBS - The Bakery is Open
HIMEOBS: Dude, where's my spysat?
HIMEOBS: Yuo can't paddle fast enough.
His philosophy was a mixture of three famous schools--the Cynics, the Stoics and the Epicureans - and summed up all three of them in his famous phrase, "You can't trust any bugger further than you can throw him, and there's nothing you can do about it, so let's have a drink."
History is a religion
History is the study of the world's crime.
History is written by the winners
holding back protects your vital energies
Holiness is just a lobotomy away!
Hope is what gets you up in the morning. Change is what buys you the coffee to get through it.
Hope kills; despair is only tiresome.
Hopefully ignorance really IS bliss”
Hot Topic is to rebellion as Hot Pockets are to nutrition.
How am I not who I Am?
How can one think freely in the shadow of a chapel?
How come you so Dumb?
How do you get all those coins?
How do you make a cat go moo? Ask it "Does a dog have the Buddha-nature?"
How does spying on us catch terrorists?
How is this sentence not gibberish?
How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on.
How many advertisements are you wearing?
How many people stood exactly where you are now?
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it. -Marcus Aurelius
How was the first/last time you felt great?
How's that working out for you?
humanism is obsolete
humor is a release
Hush! Uncle Sam is listening!
I ain't got time to think, do it for me.
I always thought I subconsciously wanted to kill myself...
I am a modest man, with much to be modest about
I am a verb and so can you!
I am delighted to have been of entertainment.
I am feeling so grey today... Change this for your country's police hotline
I am no longer infected
I am uncertain. - Heisenburg
I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat. — Will Rogers
I bet you stepped in it.
I came. I saw. I believed.
I can see you
I decided to go into a draconian diet, cutting alcohol, fat, and sugar. In two weeks, I lost 14 days. — Tim Maia
I declare a permanent state of happiness.
I don't believe you.
i don't have to believe communism works "its the government's job to believe it for me"
I don't know if it's lonely at the top but it's pretty crowded at the bottom
I don't want anybody else; when I think about you I touch myself
I ejaculate upon your disapproval.
I found Nirvana. It was in my album collection.
I hate myself to sleep at night
I hate people who think it's clever to take drugs--like customs officials.
I hate the very thought of the thought of you
I hate you all, that is why you suffer so.
I have found a truth.
I haven't slept for ten days - that would be too long
i just changed the world
I just hijacked your brain. You can have it back at the end of this sentence.
I like going to the park and watching the children run around, because they don't know I'm using blanks. — Emo Philips
I like.
I live like this 'cuz I like it; I've seen too much to pretend
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you. They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
Don't worry, no one else believes this bullshit either.
Don't worry: all will be obscured in time
DOWN WITH DISEASE
DOWN WITH EARTHWORM EXPERIMENTS
drama often obscures the real issues
dreaming while awake is a frightening contradiction
DUCK !!
dying and coming back gives you considerable perspective
dying should be as easy as falling off a log
Earth don't give a fuck.
Eat the Poor: what are they gonna do about it.
Eating the menu?
Education is a form of murder
education is everywhere
Either you're with us, or you're giving us a damned good excuse to keep going
elaboration is a form of pollution
Elite Populist
Embrace Free Will....It's your DESTINY!
emotional responses ar as valuable as intellectual responses
Emotions are simply gears your brain/body can go into. You either drive a stick or an automatic.
Employees must wash hands before not returning to work.
empower proponents of peer pressure
END THOUGHT CRIME; STOP THINKING
Endurance is frequently a form of indecision. -Princess Elizabeth Bibesco
Enjoy Coca-Cola Or the terrorists have already won
ENJOY WITHOUT CAUTION.
enjoy yourself because you can't change anything anyway
Enlightenment is Bullshit
Enlightenment is like the Police State - if you'd shut up for once, you'd realize you're already there.
Enough glass in your diet? Smash -HERE- to find out
ensure that your life stays in flux
ERIS DID IT FOR TEH LULZ!!1
Eris: She's in control when no one's in control.
Eschew Obfuscation.
Eternal Truths are neither.
Even a negative action is a positive one.
Even Beyonce's booty can't save ____
Even if God existed, it would be necessary to abolish him.
Even if you are on the right track you'll get run over if you just sit there!
Even the Mona Lisa is falling apart
even your family can betray you
Ever see 'THEM'?
every achievement requires a sacrifice
Every farmer who owns a donkey beats it.
Every statement contains falsehood
Every time God kills a kitten, a gay couple marries.
Everybody wants to be somebody; nobody wants to grow. -Goethe
Everybody's a self-made man; but only the successful ones are ever willing to admit it.
Everyone has their favorite blind spot.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. -Leo Nikolaevich Tolstoy
everyone's work is equally important
Everything is Pornographic.
Everything is true - Everything is permissible!
Everything is true- all things are forbidden.
everything that's interesting is new
Everything you know... is just that.
Evolve! The monkeys are catching up!
exceptional people deserve special concessions
Existence is futile
Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing. -Oscar Wilde
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. -Oscar Wilde
expiring for love is beautiful but stupid
expressing anger is necessary
extreme behavior has its basis in pathological psychology
EXTREME BUDDHISM.
extreme self-consciousness leads to perversion
Eyes only. Do not see.
Facts: Confusing humanity since.
Failure takes practice
Faith is not an excuse.
faithfulness is a social not a biological law
fake or real indifference is a powerful personal weapon
FALL OUT BOY IS NOT MEME-WORTHY.
Famous people are delicious.
fate is how your life looks backwards
fathers often use too much force
Fear and prejudice put up a terrible fight when they sense change coming. -Susan White
fear is the greatest incapacitator
Fear of consequence doesn't equal a lack of choice
Fear of Uncertainty Can Kill YOU
fear your friends
February is a good time to buy elephants
Feed Your Change to The Machine.
feel better now
Feel great on purpose.
Feel great with purpose
Fight For Freedom, not "Freedom"
Fill in the blank: I'm always ______ myself.
Finishing is for quitters.
Fire in its advance will judge and convict all things.
First there was nothing, so the lord gave us light. There was still nothing, but at least you could see it.
fly's undone.
Foolproof systems don't take into account the ingenuity of fools. -Gene Brown
Fools seldom differ
For a good time call Eris
For a good time, please call 000.
For it is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest that holds human associations together. Our friends seldom profit us but they make us feel safe... Marriage is a scheme to accomplish exactly that same end. -H. L. Mencken
For those of you without hope, we have rooms with color TV, cable and air conditioning
Forcefully doing nothing.
Forget about your rights and they'll go away.
Forget this moment ever happened.
Forget you even read this.
FORM FOLLOWS FICTION.
Free Baser Evil!
FREE THE MURDERERS!
FREE, take one--they belong to Lars Ulrich.
Freedom allows you to choose which cage to live in.
Freedom can be taken away; but its more likely given away
freedom is a luxury not a necessity
Freedom is a party
Freedom isn't everyone's cup of tea.
FREEDOM ISN'T FREE.
Freedom Needs Work.
Freedom of speech ain't free.
Freedom- now comes in a new minty scent
Freedom? Freedom is for proles.
Fuck Darwin, Donate Semen.
FUCK WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT CHAOS.
fuck your brand of individuality.
fun is my function
Generally speaking, women are.
get off your knees!!!!!
GET OVER IT
Get paranoid to act fast.
Give me a thousand men crazy enough to conquer hell, and I will do it.
Give me liberty or I'll fucking kill you!
Give me my goddamn country back!
Give up while your still where you started.
giving free rein to your emotions is an honest way to live
go all out in romance and let the chips fall where they may
Go back and pick that up, I saw that!
Go on, I won't tell.
Go places. Do things
Go talk to that old weird guy at Dennys.
go within the flow
Can you hear me now?
Can you prove you're not the enemy?
Capitalism: If it feels like you're stealing, then you're doing it right.
Care for a penis snifter?
Cashing in on the Hollow Cost of Laughter Thoughts
categorizing fear is calming
Caution: dry floor.
Caution: dry paint.
Caution: Reality ahead.
Ceci n'est pas Français.
challenge your habits
CHANGE comes on stinky feet
change is valuable when the oppressed become tyrants
change your mind
chasing the new is dangerous to society
check your assumptions
Choking on the sweet air of freedom.
Choose your bondage: conformist or nonconformist.
class action is a nice idea with no substance
class structure is as artificial as plastic
Click here to win.
Closed mouths sink republics.
Coca-Cola, proud sponspors of the Environment
Coca-Cola, proud sponspors of The Revolution
Come back at 2:35 am, I'll have a surprise for you
Complicated machinery has had to be matched by complicated social arrangements, designed to work as smoothly and efficiently as the new instruments of production.
Concrete thinking is still a metaphor
CONFUSE EVERYONE
confusing yourself is a way to stay honest
Confusion is paradise
Congratulations! - You've found clue no.3 ! The man in the sunglasses will tell you what to do next.
Congratulations! - You've found clue no.5 ! The old lady will give you your next clue
Congratulations, you've lost anything worth fighting for, Dumbass. Enjoy your subjugation.
Congratulations! - You've found clue no.7 ! The bum will give you your next clue, for some change.
Congregation, please be seated
Consider just thinking about it.
Consider your options, then look for more.
Constitution is not just a D&D stat.
Consume, conform, OBEY!
Contrary to what you may have made yourself to believe, no one really gives a shit about what you think.
Control is not control
Conventional people are roused to fury by departure from convention, largely because they regard such departure as a criticism of themselves. -Bertrand Russell
Cosmetics made me alien.
Count the seconds it takes to stop thinking about this sentence.
crime against property is relatively unimportant
Criminals are made the moment a law is passed
Critique Thyself
Cthulhu for President--for when you're tired of choosing the _lesser_ of the two evils.
Culture is the inversion of life.
Curiosity killed the cat. Don't be a pussy.
Curiosity was framed. Ignorance killed the cat.
Cut the conversation, just open your mouth
Cynicism is an unpleasant way of saying the truth. -Lillian Hellman
DANGER !! DANGER !! ABANDON THOUGHT IMMEDIATELY !!
dare to be smart
Darwin Hates You.
Dead girls don't say yes, either.
Dead humans are easier to control then live ones
Death needs Time for what it kills to grow in for Ah Pook’s sweet sake, you stupid, vulgar, greedy, ugly American deathsucker.
decadence can be an end in itself
deceive regularly
decency is a relative thing
Decide what you are meant to be.
Defective for our future.
Deity... he's come for me
delusions comfy enough?
Democracy by Autocracy! Give them liberty and give them death!
Democracy is a popularity contest.
Democracy is two wolves and a sheep voting on lunch.
Denn alles was ensteht ist wert, dass es zugrunde geht.
dependence can be a meal ticket
description is more important than metaphor
deviants are sacrificed to improve group solidarity
Did I just say that out loud?
Die and be free of pain or live and fight your sorrow
Difference engenders hate.
Dig your own reality tunnel
Discordia is the auto-immune disease of The Machine (TM).
Discordianism: It stirs the coffee.
Discourse on virtue and they pass by in droves. Whistle and dance the shimmy, and you've got an audience. -Diogenes
disgust is the appropriate response to most situations
disorganization is a kind of anesthesia
DIY
DNA controls you!
DO NOT BELIEF
DO NOT DEFACE THIS SIGN SUCKS
DO NOT DISTURB.
Do not live, do not die.
Do not open this door under any circumstances.
Do not read this message.
Do not read this.
Do NOT turn around. You are NOT being observed.
Do not under any circumstances suspend disbelief.
DO NOT WANT.
Do nothing you'll regret and you will regret doing nothing.
Do what this sign tells you to do.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law. Just remember, no one likes an asshole.
Do what you want to say
Do you believe or just believe that you believe?
Do you FEEL like a moron when you wake up in the morning, or is it a surprise to you?
Do you feel that life is a never-ending elusion of grandeur?
Do you have another man's name on your underwear?
Do you like rules? If not why do you keep following them?
Do you own your own reality tunnel?
Do you smell bacon?
do you think we are forever?
Does your conscience like it when you lie to yourself?
Does your mother know you can read this?
Doing nothing you regret leads to regretting doing nothing.
Don't believe them, don't believe them, question everything you're told
Don't compensate, IMITATE!
Don't complain if you do nothing.
don't eat your soul to fill your belly
Don't forget to die
don't go with the flow
Don't just defend the right to be wrong--exercise it!
Don't just do something--stand there!
Don't knock opportunity
don't let your kids lick the pavement until a few weeks after application.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder
Don't negotiate with the bosses. Abolish them.
Don't open your eyes, you won't like what you see; the devils of truth steal the souls of the free... don't open your eyes, take it from me--I have found you can find happiness in slavery...
don't place to much trust in experts
don't postpone joy
Don't read me, I'm embarrassed about being self-referential.
Don't run! We are your friends!
Don't stop believing, just don't limit your options.
Don't take life too seriously, you'll never get out alive
Don't think
Don't Think!! BELIEVE!!
Don't tread on me
Don't trip out. Trip in.
Don't trust me--I don't exist.
Don't worry--you're being watched.
A mind is a terrible thing to waste; recycle yours at the earliest opportunity.
A naked mind is sexy.
a name means a lot just by itself
a positive attitude means all the difference in the world
a relaxed man is not necessarily a better man
A rumor is one thing that gets thicker instead of thinner as it is spread. -Richard Armour
a sense of timing is the mark of genius
a sincere effort is all you can ask
a single event can have infinitely many interpretations
A single fact can spoil a good argument.
A single nonrevolutionary weekend is infinitely more bloody than a month of permanent revolution.
a solid home base builds a sense of self
a strong sense of duty imprisons you
A suspicious mind is a healthy mind
A sweater is a garment worn by a child when his mother feels chilly.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of. -Burt Bacharach
A tainted mind cannot tell the difference twixt being ballsy and being an asshole.
A teacher is one who makes himself progressively unnecessary. -Thomas Carruthers
A well placed stiletto is mightier than a thousand pens.
Abandon all art NOW
Aborton kills, but so does McDonalds.
absolute submission can be a form of freedom
Absolutes are absolutely wrong
Abstinence is perverted
Abstinence is retarded and dangerous.
abstraction is a type of decadence
abuse of power comes as no surprise
Accept it, push it to the back of your mind.
Accepting repression? Then accept depression.
action causes more trouble than thought
Adapt or die!
Adeptness is a Debt to Subject and Predicate
adjust your tie.
Admire persistence, or they won't stop
after birth is before death
Alcohol kills. Take LSD.
alienation produces eccentrics or revolutionaries
All employees are forbidden.
All is one and 1 is the loneliest number.
All is well, watch the days go by.
All men are created equal, some more equal than others.
All religions are true, and everyone is going to hell.
All stickers prohibited by law.
All supposedly 'selfless' acts are entirely selfish. When a man gives to charity, rest assured he values the happiness it brings him more than the money itself. If he did not, he would not give away his money! -James Halloran
all that litters is old
All the horrible shit you're paranoid of is coming true.
All the technologies you take for granted were created by living, breathing, thinking, dreaming human beings just like you.
all things are delicately interconnected
All things being equal, fat people use more soap.
All urban myths suggest HIMEOBS
All you can eat, shrimp
all you get from shitting on someone's shit is more shit.
Always be extremely moderate.
ambition is just as dangerous as complacency
ambivalence can ruin your life
America brought democracy to my country and all I got was tortured.
an elite is inevitable
An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
An ounce of dignity is no cure for stupid
Anarchism is a game at which the police can beat you.
Anarchy--it's not the law, it's just a good idea.
And a cat in every bag.
And I thought I was original!
And now, a man who needs no introduction...
anger or hate can be a useful motivating force
angst is lame
annoy the boring
Anti-lost is pro-found.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain - and most fools do. -Dale Carnegie
Any sufficiently advanced metaphysics is indistinguishable from bullshit.
Any sufficiently advanced postmodernism is indistinguishable from necrophilia.
Any sufficiently advanced religion is indistinguishable from schizophrenia.
Anyone seen showing signs of alarm or stress will be shot immediately.
anything is a legitimate area of investigation
Apocalypse!
Are you a character or a being?
Are you interesting?
Are you mad at God for not existing?
Are You Mad At Yourself for Not Exiting
Are you sophisticated? Good.
Are you still awake?
Are you trying to tell me that there was a time before celebrities?
ARISE! And claim your destiny: A coup for every chicken, and a chicken for every coup!
Arise, you wretched of the University. [Mimics The Internationale.]
Arise, you wretched of the University.
Art is dangerous
Art is dead, don't consume its corpse.
Art without controversy is just craft. Artless controversy is iconoclasm.
artificial desires are despoiling the earth
As we speak, the powers that be are attempting to retrieve Unit 04, assuming it actually was pulled into a hard case, and he needs to blow the whole truth to them.
At the core of all well-founded belief, lies belief that is unfounded. -Ludwig Wittgenstein
at times inactivity is preferable to mindless functioning
at times your unconsciousness is truer than your conscious mind
Atheists are people who have no invisible means of support
ATTENTION: disregard this message
ATTENTION: The outside will be closing in ten minutes.
ATTENTION: You are not living in a novel.
Authorised graffiti area
automation is deadly
Avert thy gaze!
awful punishment awaits really bad people
Bacon transforms men into incredibly sensitive and generous lovers and guarantees women the longest and most intense orgasms imaginable.
Bad habits are like a comfortable bed, easy to get into, but hard to get out of.
bad intentions can yield good results
Bad metaphors are like hit Broadway shows about toe fungus--they don't exist.
Be a badass
Be excellent to each other
Be here at 2:23 am, I have a gift for you
Be less prepared.
Be realistic, ask for the impossible.
Be wary of strong drink. It can make you shoot at tax collectors--and miss.
Be young - shut up!
Behave as you like, but think like others.
being alone with yourself is increasingly unpopular
being broke is childish
being happy is more important than anything else
being judgmental is a sign of life
being sure of yourself means you're a fool
Being the Inquisition is GOOD.
Being the most uninteresting person in the world makes you interesting
Being who you are is it's own built-in punishment or reward.
Being who you are is it's own punishment.
being who you are is it's own reward
Beliefs are like assault rifles: just because the Constitution says you can have them, doesn't mean you need them.
BeLIEve
Beneath the paving stones - the beach!
Beware of falling hammers
Beware of false profits
BEWARE OF TRUTH
Beware your actions, your future is another's past.
Bi-Curiosity killed the ____________.
big brother is not watching me
Black sheep are still sheep.
Blessings of the state, blessings of the masses. Work hard, increase production, prevent accidents, and be happy.
Bliss is a Dirt Sandwhich!
Boredom is counterrevolutionary.
boredom makes you do crazy things
Bow down before the one you serve
BRAKE YOUR LAWLS!
Break a pattern today.
BREAK YOUR LAWS!
Buddah wasn't perfect, he was fat
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
Bullshit is all some of us have got.
Bullshit makes the flowers grow, and that's beautiful.
But I'm already repressed!
But we'll never survive!
By legend and perhaps by nature philosophers are more accustomed to the armchair than the workbench. -Ian Hacking
calm is more conductive to creativity than is anxiety
Can I ask you a rhetorical question?
Can I askew a question?
Can I get you something to drink? Refill your eggnog? Drive you out to the middle of nowhere and leave you for dead?
Can my false memory be that convincing?
........ CAUTION: Suspicious Contents
[copper] Conduct a Fucking Thought [/zinc]
[this scene was directed by David Lynch]
"You can always count on Americans to do the right thing — after they've exausted every other option." — Winston Churchill
“Habeas Corpus” doesn't mean “Play Dead”
“That's just what I believe” is not a valid argument.
As I see it, yes Ask again later Better not tell you now Cannot predict now Concentrate and ask again
Don't count on it It is certain It is decidedly so Most likely My reply is no My sources say no Outlook good Outlook not so good Reply hazy, try again Signs point to yes Very doubtful Without a doubt Yes Yes - definitely You may rely on it
1984 - only 24 years late.
94% of hotel guests expect no surprises when entering their room.
9/11 people refuse to be reduced to statistics
a belief is just a thought you keep having
A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but won't cross the street to vote in a national election. -Bill Vaughan
A Closed Mind Gathers No Heresies.
A conclusion is simply where you stopped thinking
A little bit, and a little bit, and a little bit more.
a little knowledge can go a long way
a lot of professionals are crackpots
A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one. -Mary Kay Ash
I don't care to belong to any club that will have me as a member. — Groucho Marx
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception. — Groucho Marx
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. — Groucho Marx
A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere. — Groucho Marx
I find television very educational. Every time someone switches it on I go into another room and read a good book. — Groucho Marx
I've been around so long, I knew Doris Day before she was a virgin. — Groucho Marx
Die, my dear? Why that's the last thing I'll do! — Groucho Marx
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedies. — Groucho Marx
I think it's about time to announce that I was born at a very early age. — Groucho Marx
No one is completely unhappy at the failure of his best friend. — Groucho Marx
I smoke a cigar, but I take it out of my mouth occasionally. — Groucho Marx
I never had a better year in my life than the year I couldn't remember. — Groucho Marx
Everywhere is walking distance if you've got the time. — Steven Wright
I'm addicted to placebos. I could quit, but it wouldn't matter. — Steven Wright
I wish the first word I ever said was the word 'quote,' so right before I die I could say 'unquote.' — Steven Wright
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me. I'm afraid of widths. — Steven Wright
When I first read the dictionary, I thought it was a long poem about everything. — Steven Wright
Sometimes you cannot hear me, it's because sometimes I'm in parentheses. — Steven Wright
I bought a new camera. It's very advanced. You don't even need it. — Steven Wright
Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he just whipped out a quarter? — Steven Wright
He asked me if I knew what time it was -- I said yes, but not right now. — Steven Wright
I recently went to the hardware store and bought some used paint. It was in the shape of a house. — Steven Wright
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier. I put them in the same room and let them fight it out. — Steven Wright
Boy, life takes a long time to live. — Steven Wright
I have a map of the United States, it's actual size. — Steven Wright
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place. — Steven Wright
There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot. — Steven Wright
A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer. — Mitch Hedberg
I bought a $7 pen because I always lose pens and I got sick of not caring. — Mitch Hedberg
Dogs are forever in the push-up position. — Mitch Hedberg
If carrots got you drunk, rabbits would be fucked up. — Mitch Hedberg
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it. — Mitch Hedberg
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long. — Mitch Hedberg
I like to take a toothpick and throw it in the forest and say: 'You're home!' — Mitch Hedberg
A fly was very close to being called a 'land', cause that's what they do half the time. — Mitch Hedberg
Rice is great if you're really hungry and want to eat two thousand of something. — Mitch Hedberg
I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that. — Mitch Hedberg
I had a stick of CareFree gum, but it didn't work. I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble, though. — Mitch Hedberg
I think foosball is a combination of soccer and shishkabobs. — Mitch Hedberg
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them. — Mitch Hedberg
I put a dollar in a change machine. Nothing changed. — George Carlin
Meow means woof in cat. — George Carlin
I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it. — George Carlin
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that. — George Carlin
The planet will be here long after we're gone. We're just a failed mutation. — George Carlin
We're all fucked. It helps to remember that. — George Carlin
Try explaining Hitler to a kid. — George Carlin
One thing leads to another? Not always. Sometimes one thing leads to the same thing. Ask an addict. — George Carlin
The reason I talk to myself is because I'm the only one whose answers I accept. — George Carlin
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but by the moments that take your breath away. And I hate that quote. — George Carlin
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. — Oscar Wilde
I can resist everything except temptation. — Oscar Wilde
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. — Oscar Wilde
A cynic knows the price of everything and the value of nothing. — Oscar Wilde
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about it. — Oscar Wilde
In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it. — Oscar Wilde
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it. — Oscar Wilde
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative. — Oscar Wilde
The truth is rarely pure and never simple. — Oscar Wilde
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best. — Oscar Wilde
All charming people are spoiled. It is the secret of their attraction. — Oscar Wilde
Education is admirable, but nothing worth knowing can be taught. — Oscar Wilde
The only difference between a caprice and a lifelong passion is that the caprice lasts a little longer. — Oscar Wilde
Always forgive your enemies — nothing annoys them so much. — Oscar Wilde
I am not young enough to know everything. — Oscar Wilde
Always do right. This will gratify some people, and astonish the rest. — Mark Twain
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness. — Mark Twain
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure. — Mark Twain
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society. — Mark Twain
It is curious that physical courage should be so common and moral courage so rare. — Mark Twain
Thunder is good, thunder is impressive; but it is lightning that does the work. — Mark Twain
Be respectful to your superiors, if you have any. — Mark Twain
When in doubt, tell the truth. — Mark Twain
The funniest things are the forbidden. — Mark Twain
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please. — Mark Twain
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. — Mark Twain
What fresh hell can this be? — Dorothy Parker
You might as well live. — Dorothy Parker
Brevity is the soul of lingerie. — Dorothy Parker
One more drink and I'd have been under the host. — Dorothy Parker
It's not the tragedies that kill us; it's the messes. — Dorothy Parker
There's a hell of a distance between wise-cracking and wit. — Dorothy Parker
Salary is no object: I want only enough to keep body and soul apart. — Dorothy Parker
You can lead a horticulture, but you can't make her think. — Dorothy Parker
Men seldom make passes at girls who wear glasses. — Dorothy Parker
That woman speaks eighteen languages, and can't say 'no' in any of them. — Dorothy Parker
An accordion is an instrument in harmony with the sentiments of an assassin. — Ambrose Bierce
A bore is a person who talks when you wish him to listen. — Ambrose Bierce
Faith: Belief without evidence in what is told by one without knowledge. — Ambrose Bierce
Happiness is an agreeable sensation from contemplating the misery of another. — Ambrose Bierce
Love is a temporary insanity curable by marriage or removal. — Ambrose Bierce
Education discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack. — Ambrose Bierce
An egotist is a person more interested in himself than in me. — Ambrose Bierce
A bride is a woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her. — Ambrose Bierce
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography. — Ambrose Bierce
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. — Linus Torvalds
Software is like sex: it's better when it's free. — Linus Torvalds
Only wimps use tape backup. Real men just upload their important stuff on ftp and let the rest of the world mirror it. — Linus Torvalds
Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done. — Linus Torvalds
We all know Linux is great. It does infinite loops in 5 seconds. — Linus Torvalds
People disagree with me. I just ignore them. — Linus Torvalds
I like offending people, because I think people who get offended should be offended. — Linus Torvalds
Real men don't make backups. They upload it via ftp and let the world mirror it. — Linus Torvalds
XML is crap. Really. There are no excuses. — Linus Torvalds
C++ is a horrible language. It's made more horrible by the fact that a lot of substandard programmers use it. — Linus Torvalds
If you want to travel around the world and be invited to speak at a lot of different places, just write a Unix operating system. — Linus Torvalds
Standards are paper. I use paper to wipe my butt every day. — Linus Torvalds
The only 'intuitive' interface is the nipple. After that, it's all learned. — Bruce Ediger
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think 'I know, I'll use regular expressions.' Now they have two problems. — Jamie Zawinski
Every program attempts to expand until it can read mail. Those programs which cannot so expand are replaced by ones which can. — Jamie Zawinski
My one purpose in life is to serve as a warning to others. — Jamie Zawinski
Premature optimization is the root of all evil. — Donald Knuth
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. — Brian Kernighan
Never trust a programmer in a suit.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.
God is real, unless declared integer.
A SQL query walks into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks... 'Mind if I join you?'
Perl: the only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption. — Keith Bostic
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves. — Robert Sewell
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing. — Alan Perlis
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing.
Unix never says 'please'.
Unix is user-friendly. It's just very selective about who its friends are.
unzip, strip, touch, finger, mount, fsck, more, yes, unmount, sleep — the daily Unix command list.
We are MicroSoft. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile.
Windows: the best virus protection money can't buy.
Microsoft isn't evil, they just make really crappy operating systems. — Linus Torvalds
Really, I'm not out to destroy Microsoft. That will just be a completely unintentional side effect. — Linus Torvalds
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention, with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. — Mitch Ratcliffe
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later. — Fred Brooks
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
All constants are variables.
A debugged program is one for which you have not yet found the conditions that make it fail. — Jerry Ogdin
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works.
[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy. — Joseph Campbell
We are Pentium of Borg. Division is futile. You will be approximated.
Microsoft DNS service terminates abnormally when it receives a response to a DNS query that was never made. Fix information: run your DNS service on a different platform.
I never thought that I'd see the day where Netscape is free software and X11 is proprietary. We live in interesting times. — Matt Kimball
Make it idiot-proof, and someone will breed a better idiot.
Besides, I think Slackware sounds better than 'Microsoft,' don't you? — Patrick Volkerding
The good thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from. — Andrew Tanenbaum
Being overloaded is the sign of a true Debian maintainer.
It is by caffeine alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the beans of Java that thoughts acquire speed, the hands acquire shaking, the shaking becomes a warning. It is by caffeine alone I set my mind in motion.
I am a jelly donut. I am a jelly donut. — Zippy the Pinhead
My mind is a potato field... — Zippy the Pinhead
I'm a nuclear submarine under the polar ice cap and I need a Kleenex! — Zippy the Pinhead
Th' MIND is the Pizza Palace of th' SOUL — Zippy the Pinhead
So this is what it feels like to be potato salad. — Zippy the Pinhead
I'm encased in the lining of a pure pork sausage!! — Zippy the Pinhead
The HIGHWAY is made out of LIME JELLO and my HONDA is a barbequeued OYSTER! — Zippy the Pinhead
I feel like a wet parking meter on Darvon! — Zippy the Pinhead
I'm a fuschia bowling ball somewhere in Brittany. — Zippy the Pinhead
BARBARA STANWYCK makes me nervous!! — Zippy the Pinhead
Gee, I feel kind of LIGHT in the head now, knowing I can't make my satellite dish PAYMENTS! — Zippy the Pinhead
I'm meditating on the FORMALDEHYDE and the ASBESTOS leaking into my PERSONAL SPACE!! — Zippy the Pinhead
Look! A ladder! Maybe it leads to heaven, or a sandwich! — Zippy the Pinhead
Where do your SOCKS go when you lose them in th' WASHER? — Zippy the Pinhead
I'm ZIPPY the PINHEAD and I'm totally committed to the festive mode. — Zippy the Pinhead
All of life is a blur of Republicans and meat! — Zippy the Pinhead
My life is a patio of fun! — Zippy the Pinhead
There is no TRUTH. There is no REALITY. There is no CONSISTENCY. There are no ABSOLUTE STATEMENTS. I'm very probably wrong. — Zippy the Pinhead
Yow! Am I having fun yet? — Zippy the Pinhead
YOW!! Everybody out of the GENETIC POOL!! — Zippy the Pinhead
I always have fun because I'm out of my mind!!! — Zippy the Pinhead
Never judge a man till you have walked a mile in his shoes, cause by then, he's a mile away, you've got his shoes, and you can say whatever the hell you want to.
For such a small and insignificant world, it certainly produces a lot of its own importance. — Douglas Adams
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move. — Douglas Adams
It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes. — Douglas Adams
A common mistake people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools. — Douglas Adams
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. — Douglas Adams
Absinthe makes the tart grow fonder.
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life. — George Bernard Shaw
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do. — Dylan Thomas
Work is the curse of the drinking classes. — Oscar Wilde
I drink to make other people interesting. — George Jean Nathan
I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini. — Alexander Woolcott
In vino veritas. — Pliny
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy. — Tom Waits
Not all men who drink are poets. Some of us drink because we aren't poets.
A prohibitionist is the sort of man one wouldn't care to drink with, even if he drank. — H.L. Mencken
Language is a virus from another planet. — William Burroughs
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem. — Ashleigh Brilliant
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. — Aldous Huxley
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality. — Jules de Gaultier
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. — Mario Andretti
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not so sure.
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Dyslexics have more fnu.
Non-sequiturs make me eat lampshades.
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition.
HELP! Man trapped in a human body!
I live the way I type: fast, with a lot of mistakes.
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.
Predestination was doomed from the start.
Stamp out philately.
This sentence no verb.
Which is worse: ignorance or apathy? Who knows? Who cares?
Solipsists of the World... you are already united.
Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.
Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand. — Spinoza
To generalize is to be an idiot. — William Blake
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. — William Blake
Do not use that foreign word 'ideals'. We have that excellent native word 'lies'. — Henrik Ibsen
Progress was all right. Only it went on too long. — James Thurber
Reality -- what a concept! — Robin Williams
God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal. — Samuel Butler
Housework can kill you if done right. — Erma Bombeck
Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun. — Jeff Berner
Some people live life in the fast lane. You're in oncoming traffic.
The world really isn't any worse. It's just that the news coverage is so much better.
There's no real need to do housework -- after four years it doesn't get any worse.
A prediction is worth twenty explanations.
Custer committed Siouxicide.
Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.
Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.
I can resist anything but temptation. — Oscar Wilde
If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane.
It is very difficult to prophesy, especially when it pertains to the future.
Don't let your status become too quo!
A crow sat on a telephone wire. He was going to make a long-distance caw.
Eternity is a terrible thought. I mean, where's it going to end? — Tom Stoppard
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it. — Woody Allen
All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates. — Woody Allen
As the poet said, 'Only God can make a tree' -- probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on. — Woody Allen
Humorists always sit at the children's table. — Woody Allen
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.
Why is it called a funny bone when it hurts so much?
If we see the light at the end of the tunnel, it's the light of an oncoming train. — Robert Lowell
California's a wonderful place to live -- if you happen to be an orange. — Fred Allen
Imitation is the sincerest form of television. — Fred Allen
All the sincerity in Hollywood could fit in a flea's navel with room for caraway seeds. — Fred Allen
I am not a member of any organized party -- I am a Democrat. — Will Rogers
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else. — Will Rogers
The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf has. — Will Rogers
An onion can make people cry, but there has never been a vegetable invented to make them laugh. — Will Rogers
Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff. — Will Rogers
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. — Will Rogers
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result. — Winston Churchill
To improve is to change, so to be perfect is to have changed often. — Winston Churchill
The ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, and afterwards to explain why it didn't happen. — Winston Churchill
Early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy, wealthy and dead. — Terry Pratchett
Being Ymor's right-hand man was like being gently flogged to death with scented bootlaces. — Terry Pratchett
Goodness is about what you do. Not what you pray to. — Terry Pratchett
The intelligence of creatures known as cats can be determined by observing how quickly they make you realize they own you. — Terry Pratchett
It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it. — Terry Pratchett
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time. — Terry Pratchett
Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind. — Terry Pratchett
The truth may be out there, but the lies are inside your head. — Terry Pratchett
If you trust in yourself, and believe in your dreams, and follow your star, you'll still get beaten by people who spent their time working hard and learning things. — Terry Pratchett
Give a man a fire and he's warm for the day. Set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life. — Terry Pratchett
I've lost a machine. Literally lost. It responds to ping, it works completely, I just can't figure out where in my apartment it is.
IRC is just multiplayer notepad.
I'm going to become rich and famous after I invent a device that allows you to stab people in the face over the internet.
A little pain never hurt anyone.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on. — Samuel Goldwyn
I'll give you a definite maybe. — Samuel Goldwyn
I am a deeply superficial person. — Andy Warhol
I'm proud of my humility.
It isn't an optical illusion. It just looks like one.
Procrastination means never having to say you're sorry.
Smoking is the leading cause of statistics.
Thank God I'm an atheist.
We are not anticipating any emergencies.
I marvel at the strength of human weakness.
Always be sincere, even when you don't mean it. — Irene Peter
Of course I can keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't. — Anthony Haden-Guest
I distinctly remember forgetting that. — Clara Barton
I never liked you, and I always will. — Samuel Goldwyn
Our similarities are different. — Dale Berra
Evil isn't all bad.
I disagree with unanimity.
All generalisations are dangerous, including this one.
A day without sunshine is like night.
A fool and his money are soon popular.
A fool and your money are soon partners.
A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).
A lie in time saves nine.
A man's best friend is his dogma.
A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.
A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.
A penny saved has not been spent.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
A sinking ship gathers no moss. — Donald Kaul
A Smith & Wesson beats four aces.
A witty saying proves nothing. — Voltaire
Above all else -- sky.
Absolutum obsoletum. If it works, it's out of date. — Stafford Beer
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
All is fear in love and war.
All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.
All things being equal, you are bound to lose.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
Anything is possible, unless it's not.
Avoid cliches like the plague. They're a dime a dozen.
Better dead than mellow.
Better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it.
Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.
Beware of geeks bearing graft.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely. — P.J. O'Rourke
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.
Do unto others before they undo you.
Don't get even -- get odd!
Don't get mad, get interest.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Familiarity breeds attempt.
Fortune favors the lucky.
Genius is pain. — John Lennon
Given sufficient time, what you put off doing today will get done by itself.
He who fears the unknown may one day flee from his own backside.
I doubt, therefore I might be.
I think, therefore I am... I think.
If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If in doubt, mumble.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three. — Laurence J. Peter
If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.
Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.
It doesn't matter whether you win or lose -- until you lose.
It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish. — Aeschylus
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.
It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.
Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Laugh at your problems; everybody else does.
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Life is too short to be taken seriously. — Oscar Wilde
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.
Moderation is a fatal thing. Nothing succeeds like excess. — Oscar Wilde
Mother is the invention of necessity.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
No excellent soul is exempt from a mixture of madness. — Aristotle
No good deed goes unpunished. — Clare Booth Luce
Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.
Nothing endures but change. — Heraclitus
Often things ARE as bad as they seem!
One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.
Oppernockity tunes but once.
Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. — Don Marquis
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum videtur.
The course of true anything never does run smooth. — Samuel Butler
The early worm gets the late bird.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train.
The meek will inherit the earth -- if that's OK with you.
The more things change, the more they stay insane.
The reverse side also has a reverse side.
The superfluous is very necessary. — Voltaire
The worst is enemy of the bad.
There are more things in heaven and earth than any place else.
There is no fool to the old fool.
I came here to laugh at you, not with you.
Include me out. — Samuel Goldwyn
Our comedies are not to be laughed at. — Samuel Goldwyn
None of us is as cruel as all of us.
Anonymous is not your personal army.
Lurk more.
The internet is where religions go to die.
We are all just atoms desperately trying to understand other atoms.
Feelings are just thoughts with extra steps.
We do not forget. We do not forgive. Expect us.
You don't have to be crazy to post here but it helps.
All coomers are the same; only the fetish changes.
The best part of waking up is going back to sleep.
Society is just a cope for people who can't handle loneliness.
Women want a man who reads. Unfortunately, most of those men read the internet.
History doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme, and the rhythm is 'what the fuck.'
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts while the stupid ones are full of confidence.
If you're not angry, you're not paying attention.
Every day millions of people choose not to start a war. The news doesn't report this.
The algorithm knows you better than you know yourself, which is terrifying if you've seen what you search at 3 AM.
Sleep is just a trial run for death.
Existence is just God's way of watching TV.
The human brain is the only organ that named itself and it gave itself a very boring name.
Maybe the real treasure was the sleep deprivation along the way.
The ocean is just a really wet desert.
Birds are government drones. Think about it.
What if gravity is just the earth's way of hugging you too hard?
Your immune system has been fighting things your entire life without asking for recognition once.
We live in a society. Several, actually. It's complicated.
The economy is just vibes held together with duct tape and denial.
The worst part of getting older is realizing the adults didn't know what they were doing either.
Every villain is the hero of their own story, but not every story is worth telling.
Death is just your body's way of telling you it's done paying rent.
The only reason people say 'it could be worse' is because they've seen it get worse.
Capitalism is when you have to pay money to see a doctor but go bankrupt doing it.
Maybe clouds are just the sky's way of doodling.
If the earth were a business it would have been shut down for being too hostile to its employees.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. — Albert Einstein
In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they are not.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made. — Groucho Marx
To be great is to be misunderstood. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin. — H.L. Mencken
I never vote for anyone; I always vote against. — W.C. Fields
The trouble with quotes on the internet is that it's difficult to determine whether or not they are genuine. — Abraham Lincoln
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions and lit by virtue signaling.
History is just gossip that survived long enough to be taken seriously.
Art is just mistakes that turned out interesting.
Language was invented to confuse people. It's working perfectly.
Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want and deserve to get it good and hard. — H.L. Mencken
Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. — H.L. Mencken
A man's got to believe in something. I believe I'll have another drink. — W.C. Fields
I never met a kid I liked. — W.C. Fields
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point being a damn fool about it. — W.C. Fields
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with. — W.C. Fields
The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think. — Horace Walpole
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. — Jim Carrey
If you're going through hell, keep going. — Winston Churchill
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. — Winston Churchill
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. — Winston Churchill
We are all worms. But I do believe that I am a glow-worm. — Winston Churchill
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. — Winston Churchill
I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. — Oscar Wilde
Arguments are to be avoided; they are always vulgar and often convincing. — Oscar Wilde
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months. — Oscar Wilde
I have nothing to declare except my genius. — Oscar Wilde
A man who does not think for himself does not think at all. — Oscar Wilde
If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you. — Oscar Wilde
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same. — Oscar Wilde
America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between. — Oscar Wilde
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. — Oscar Wilde
The truth is rarely pure and never simple. Modern life would be very tedious if it were either. — Oscar Wilde
The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. — H.L. Mencken
It is now quite lawful for a Catholic woman to avoid pregnancy by a resort to mathematics, though she is still forbidden to resort to physics or chemistry. — H.L. Mencken
Conscience is the inner voice which warns us that someone may be looking. — H.L. Mencken
For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong. — H.L. Mencken
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another. — H.L. Mencken
The most dangerous man to any government is the man who is able to think things out for himself. — H.L. Mencken
Nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American public. — H.L. Mencken
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts. — Bertrand Russell
War does not determine who is right — only who is left. — Bertrand Russell
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. — Bertrand Russell
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. — Bertrand Russell
Most people would rather die than think; in fact, they do so. — Bertrand Russell
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. Or weirder. Mostly weirder.
God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of all murderers? — Friedrich Nietzsche
In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule. — Friedrich Nietzsche
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Without music, life would be a mistake. — Friedrich Nietzsche
All truly great thoughts are conceived while walking. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The higher we soar, the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly. — Friedrich Nietzsche
A man can do what he wants, but not want what he wants. — Arthur Schopenhauer
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; genius hits a target no one else can see. — Arthur Schopenhauer
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as self-evident. — Arthur Schopenhauer
The person who writes for fools is always sure of a large audience. — Arthur Schopenhauer
There is infinite hope, but not for us. — Franz Kafka
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us. — Franz Kafka
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached. — Franz Kafka
In the fight between you and the world, bet on the world. — Franz Kafka
An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way. — Charles Bukowski
Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you've felt that way. — Charles Bukowski
We're all going to die, all of us; what a circus! That alone should make us love each other. — Charles Bukowski
Find what you love and let it kill you. — Charles Bukowski
I don't mean to sound bitter, cold, or cruel, but I am, so that's how it comes out. — Bill Hicks
It's just a ride. — Bill Hicks
The world is like a ride in an amusement park. And when you choose to go on it, you think it's real, because that's how powerful our minds are. — Bill Hicks
Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration, that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively. There is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves. Here's Tom with the weather. — Bill Hicks
If you don't think drugs have done good things for us, then take all of your records, tapes and CDs and burn them. — Bill Hicks
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. — Kurt Vonnegut
So it goes. — Kurt Vonnegut
I was a victim of a series of accidents, as are we all. — Kurt Vonnegut
Here is a lesson in creative writing. First rule: Do not use semicolons. They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing. — Kurt Vonnegut
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand. — Kurt Vonnegut
If this isn't nice, I don't know what is. — Kurt Vonnegut
A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved. — Kurt Vonnegut
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't. — Douglas Adams
Life... is like a grapefruit. It's orange and squishy, and has a few pips in it, and some people have half a one for breakfast. — Douglas Adams
Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. — Douglas Adams
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. — Douglas Adams
On the internet, nobody knows you're a dog. Unless you post a photo. Then they judge the dog too.
The day you stop racing is the day you start winning. The day you stop winning is the day you realize racing was the point.
Chaos is not the opposite of order. It is the compost from which order grows.
The revolution will not be televised. It will be posted, ratioed, and turned into a meme.
Every conspiracy theory is just a story where the villain has competence.
The past is a foreign country: they do things differently there, and the exchange rate is terrible.
Time heals all wounds unless you keep picking at them, which you will.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is to accept you live in an apartment.
Pain is temporary. The internet is forever.
Existence is just the universe's way of experiencing itself from the inside. And apparently it chose to do this as you.
We accept the world as it is, then we complain about it, then we die.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can buy a boat, and have you ever seen a sad person on a boat?
The key to happiness is low expectations and shorter memory.
We are born naked, wet, and hungry. Then things get worse.
I never finish anyth
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a mod.
Arguing on the internet is like the Special Olympics. Even if you win, you're still retarded.
The internet is 90% idiots and 10% people complaining about idiots.
Be yourself is the worst advice you can give some people.
My therapist told me I have trouble accepting things I can't change. We'll see about that.
Normal people scare me. Mainly because I don't know what they're thinking.
You're not a failure. You just haven't found what you're bad at yet.
I'm not lazy, I'm in energy-saving mode. The distinction is philosophical.
The only people who say money doesn't matter are either very rich or very stupid.
Everyone you meet is a main character in their own story. You're the NPC.
Life is just high school with money and worse cafeteria food.
The early bird gets the worm. The second mouse gets the cheese.
Sanity is just a temporary state between one kind of crazy and another.
The only thing standing between you and your dreams is reality.
Somewhere, right now, someone is having the worst day of their life. And they're probably dealing with a slow computer.
A day for firm decisions!!!!! Or is it?
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon. Buy the negatives at any price.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Accent on helpful side of your nature. Drain the moat.
Advancement in position.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Afternoon very favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Are you a turtle?
Are you ever going to do the dishes? Or will you change your major to biology?
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Artistic ventures highlighted. Rob a museum.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Bank error in your favor. Collect $200.
Be careful! Is it classified?
Be careful! UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Be cheerful while you are alive. — Phathotep, 24th Century B.C.
Be different: conform.
Be free and open and breezy! Enjoy! Things won't get any better so get used to it.
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Best of all is never to have been born. Second best is to die soon.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Beware of Bigfoot!
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Beware the one behind you.
Blow it out your ear.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Bridge ahead. Pay troll.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year. Take an elephant to lunch.
Cheer Up! Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Chess tonight.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Chicken Little was right.
Cold hands, no gloves.
Communicate! It can't make things any worse.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Day of inquiry. You will be subpoenaed.
Do not overtax your powers.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
Do something unusual today. Pay a bill.
Do what comes naturally. Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
Don't get to bragging.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Don't plan any hasty moves. You'll be evicted soon anyway.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Don't read everything you believe.
Don't relax! It's only your tension that's holding you together.
Don't tell any big lies today. Small ones can be just as effective.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
Don't Worry, Be Happy. — Meher Baba
Don't worry. Life's too long. — Vincent Sardi, Jr.
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Fine day for friends. So-so day for you.
Fine day to work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Oh, and have a nice day! — Bryce Nesbitt '84
Future looks spotty. You will spill soup in late evening.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Give him an evasive answer.
Give thought to your reputation. Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
Give your very best today. Heaven knows it's little enough.
Go to a movie tonight. Darkness becomes you.
Good day for a change of scene. Repaper the bedroom wall.
Good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Good news. Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
Green light in A.M. for new projects. Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
If you can read this, you're too close.
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn 365 useless things.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
Increased knowledge will help you now. Have mate's phone bugged.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Is this really happening?
It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown-up.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
It was all so different before everything changed.
It's a very *UN*lucky week in which to be took dead. — Churchy La Femme
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is not worth sending.
Just to have it is enough.
Keep emotionally active. Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Keep it short for pithy sake.
Lady Luck brings added income today. Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it. — Marvin
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Long life is in store for you.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Love is in the offing. Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Make a wish, it might come true.
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Never commit yourself! Let someone else commit you.
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
Never reveal your best argument.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day. As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
People are beginning to notice you. Try dressing before you leave the house.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Questionable day. Ask somebody something.
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Save energy: be apathetic.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Slow day. Practice crawling.
Snow Day -- stay home.
So this is it. We're going to die.
So you're back... about time...
Someone is speaking well of you.
Someone is speaking well of you. How unusual!
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
Stay the curse.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
The time is right to make new friends.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes. — George Gobel
There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
There is a fly on your nose.
There was a phone call for you.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
Things will be bright in P.M. A cop will shine a light in your face.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
This life is yours. Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
Time to be aggressive. Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why. — Hunter S. Thompson
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately, it can still be changed today.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees.
Truth will out this morning. (Which may really mess things up.)
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis. — Ashleigh Brilliant
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
What happened last night can happen again.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and are making another attack.
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
You are always busy.
You are as I am with You.
You are capable of planning your future.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the department of transportation.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
You are not dead yet. But watch for further reports.
You are number 6! Who is number one?
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward. Therefore you have few friends.
You are sick, twisted and perverted. I like that in a person.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
You are standing on my toes.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You can create your own opportunities this week. Blackmail a senior executive.
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.
You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
You dialed 5483.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
You enjoy the company of other people.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
You fill a much-needed gap.
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy. A pity that it's totally undeserved.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
You have a truly strong individuality.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an unusual equipment for success. Be sure to use it properly.
You have an unusual magnetic personality. Don't walk too close to metal objects which are not fastened down.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You have no real enemies.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
You have the body of a 19 year old. Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You'll learn a lot today.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE "SOMEONE ELSE.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
You look like a million dollars. All green and wrinkled.
You look tired.
You love peace.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely larger than others.
You may be recognized soon. Hide.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today. Watch it!
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
You need more time; and you probably always will.
You need no longer worry about the future. This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You should emulate your heroes, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they are dead.
You should go home.
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be awarded some great honor.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will be divorced within a year.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
You will be married within a year.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You will be run over by a beer truck.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be successful in love.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will contract a rare disease.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You will get what you deserve.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
You will have a long and boring life.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will have long and healthy life.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise salesman.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
You will never know hunger.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will pay for your sins. If you have already paid, please disregard this message.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You will soon forget this.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your brakes are defective.
You will triumph over your enemy.
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You will wish you hadn't.
You work very hard. Don't try to think as well.
You worry too much about your job. Stop it. You are not paid enough to worry.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll be sorry...
You'll feel devilish tonight. Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
You're at the end of the road again.
You're being followed. Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life.
You're definitely on their list. The question to ask next is what list it is.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that you're growing into.
You're not my type. For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
You're working under a slight handicap. You happen to be human.
You've been leading a dog's life. Stay off the furniture.
Your aim is high and to the right.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient. Don't believe a thing he tells you.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't really worth having.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Your goose is cooked. (Your current chick is burned up too!)
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love life will be... interesting.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Your lucky color has faded.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Your present plans will be successful.
Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Your step will soil many countries.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are now extinct. — M. Somerset Maugham
If it ain't broke, don't fix it. — Bert Lantz
The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a necessity. — Oscar Wilde
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh. — Voltaire
There are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them — Heisenberg
It takes all sorts of in & out-door schooling to get adapted to my kind of fooling — R. Frost
Confound these ancestors.... They've stolen our best ideas! — Ben Jonson
Wear me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong as death, passion cruel as the grave; it blazes up like blazing fire, fiercer than any flame. [Song of Solomon 8:6 (NEB)]
I just thought of something funny...your mother. — Cheech Marin
You will be successful in your work.
The life of a repo man is always intense.
If you're not careful, you're going to catch something.
Wherever you go...There you are. — Buckaroo Banzai
Life in the state of nature is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short. — Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan
Lack of skill dictates economy of style. — Joey Ramone
Successful and fortunate crime is called virtue. — Seneca
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. — Edmund Burke
You may call me by my name, Wirth, or by my value, Worth. — Nicklaus Wirth
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner. — Calvin Keegan
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future. — Niels Bohr
The computer can't tell you the emotional story. It can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows. — Frank Zappa
Things are not as simple as they seems at first. — Edward Thorp
The main thing is the play itself. I swear that greed for money has nothing to do with it, although heaven knows I am sorely in need of money. — Feodor Dostoyevsky
It is surely a great calamity for a human being to have no obsessions. — Robert Bly
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency. — Alan Turing
Uncertain fortune is thoroughly mastered by the equity of the calculation. — Blaise Pascal
After Goliath's defeat, giants ceased to command respect. — Freema Dyson
It was the Law of the Sea, they said. Civilization ends at the waterline. Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top. — Hunter S. Thompson
...when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor. — Fred Brooks, Jr.
...computer hardware progress is so fast. No other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years. — Fred Brooks, Jr.
The complexity of software is an essential property, not an accidental one. Hence, descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence. — Fred Brooks, Jr.
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary. No such faith comforts the software engineer. — Fred Brooks, Jr.
Except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex. — Ellyn Mustard
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it. — Brian Kernighan
Perfection is achieved only on the point of collapse. — C. N. Parkinson
There you go man, Keep as cool as you can. It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave. Keep on being free!
Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise, and you'll be Gary, Indiana. - Jessie in the movie "Greaser's Palace
Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound. - Peanuts
Police up your spare rounds and frags. Don't leave nothin' for the dinks. — Willem Dafoe in "Platoon"
All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific. — Jane Wagner
The greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace. — Holly Near
No matter where you go, there you are... — Buckaroo Banzai
Trespassers will be shot. Survivors will be prosecuted.
Trespassers will be shot. Survivors will be SHOT AGAIN!
I'm growing older, but not up. — Jimmy Buffett
Scientists will study your brain to learn more about your distant cousin, Man.
I hate the itching. But I don't mind the swelling." -- new buzz phrase, like "Where's the Beef?" that David Letterman's trying to get everyone to start saying
Your own mileage may vary.
Oh dear, I think you'll find reality's on the blink again. — Marvin The Paranoid Android
Send lawyers, guns and money... — Lyrics from a Warren Zevon song
I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs. — H. L. Mencken
Remember, Information is not knowledge; Knowledge is not Wisdom; Wisdom is not truth; Truth is not beauty; Beauty is not love; Love is not music; Music is the best." -- Frank Zappa
I can't drive 55.
And they told us, what they wanted... Was a sound that could kill some-one, from a distance." -- Kate Bush
In the face of entropy and nothingness, you kind of have to pretend it's not there if you want to keep writing good code." -- Karl Lehenbauer
Badges? We don't need no stinking badges.
I can't drive 55. I'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either.
Thank God a million billion times you live in Texas.
Can you program?" "Well, I'm literate, if that's what you mean!
No user-servicable parts inside. Refer to qualified service personnel.
Regarding astral projection, Woody Allen once wrote, "This is not a bad way to travel, although there is usually a half-hour wait for luggage.
Do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging.
Do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging. Don't have aesthetic convulsions when using them, either.
Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds. — Frederick Brooks Jr.
The evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man is and will always be a wild animal. — Charles Galton Darwin
Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin. — Michael O'Donohugh
...though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage from beginning to end. -- Vernor Vinge, "The Peace War
It's like deja vu all over again." -- Yogi Berra
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first. — Blaise Pascal
Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?" he asked. "Begin at the beginning," the King said, gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop." Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, Lewis Carroll
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable. — Thomas Jefferson
To be awake is to be alive. -- Henry David Thoreau, in "Walden
A person with one watch knows what time it is; a person with two watches is never sure. Proverb
You see but you do not observe. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, in "The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
A quarrel is quickly settled when deserted by one party; there is no battle unless there be two. -- Seneca
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it. -- John Keats
The fancy is indeed no other than a mode of memory emancipated from the order of space and time. -- Samuel Taylor Coleridge
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens. — Benjamin Disraeli
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan. We may as well think of rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant. -- Edmund Burke
For every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong. — H. L. Mencken
Don't tell me how hard you work. Tell me how much you get done. — James J. Ling
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim. -- Henry Brook Adams
Each honest calling, each walk of life, has its own elite, its own aristocracy based on excellence of performance. -- James Bryant Conant
You can observe a lot just by watching. -- Yogi Berra
If the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of a circuit, I see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted instantaneously by electricity. -- Samuel F. B. Morse
Mr. Watson, come here, I want you." -- Alexander Graham Bell
It's currently a problem of access to gigabits through punybaud. — J. C. R. Licklider
A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you. — Ramsey Clark
The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side. -- James Baldwin
Small is beautiful.
...the increased productivity fostered by a friendly environment and quality tools is essential to meet ever increasing demands for software. — M. D. McIlroy, E. N. Pinson and B. A. Tague
It is not best to swap horses while crossing the river. — Abraham Lincoln
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images. — Jean Cocteau
In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals. You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them. — Robert Lucky
Get hold of portable property. -- Charles Dickens, "Great Expectations
How many hardware guys does it take to change a light bulb? "Well the diagnostics say it's fine buddy, so it's a software problem.
Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes. I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal. — Zaphod Beeblebrox in "Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
Uncompensated overtime? Just Say No.
Decaffeinated coffee? Just Say No.
Show business is just like high school, except you get paid. — Martin Mull
This isn't brain surgery; it's just television. — David Letterman
Morality is one thing. Ratings are everything. — A Network 23 executive on "Max Headroom"
Live free or die.
...if the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust, this would be a better world." - Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it is too dark to read.
Probably the best operating system in the world is the [operating system] made for the PDP-11 by Bell Laboratories." - Ted Nelson, October 1977
All these black people are screwing up my democracy." - Ian Smith
Use the Force, Luke.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
The power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of the Force. — Darth Vader
When I left you, I was but the learner. Now, I am the master. — Darth Vader
186,000 Miles per Second. It's not just a good idea. IT'S THE LAW.
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
Gee, Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
Children begin by loving their parents. After a time they judge them. Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them. — Oscar Wilde
Single tasking: Just Say No.
Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world. — The Beach Boys
Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them seemed to come from Texas. — Ian Fleming
I think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my lifetime. — Johnny Legend
Even if you can deceive people about a product through misleading statements, sooner or later the product will speak for itself. — Hajime Karatsu
Memories of you remind me of you. — Karl Lehenbauer
Life. Don't talk to me about life. — Marvin the Paranoid Android
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
The world is coming to an end--save your buffers!
It is your destiny. — Darth Vader
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at your side. — Han Solo
How many QA engineers does it take to screw in a light bulb? 3: 1 to screw it in and 2 to say "I told you so" when it doesn't work.
How many NASA managers does it take to screw in a light bulb? "That's a known problem... don't worry about it.
To be is to program.
To program is to be.
I program, therefore I am.
People are very flexible and learn to adjust to strange surroundings -- they can become accustomed to read Lisp and Fortran programs, for example. — Leon Sterling and Ehud Shapiro, Art of Prolog, MIT Press
I am your density. — George McFly in "Back to the Future"
So why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here. — Biff in "Back to the Future"
Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint. — Dave Sim, author of Cerebrus.
The existence of god implies a violation of causality.
I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously. — Doctor Graper
Operating-system software is the program that orchestrates all the basic functions of a computer. — The Wall Street Journal, Tuesday, September 15, 1987, page 40
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. - Francis Bellamy, 1892
People think my friend George is weird because he wears sideburns...behind his ears. I think he's weird because he wears false teeth...with braces on them. — Steven Wright
My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo of the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here". — Steven Wright
You can't have everything... where would you put it? — Steven Wright
I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards. I got a full house and 4 people died. — Steven Wright
You know that feeling when you're leaning back on a stool and it starts to tip over? Well, that's how I feel all the time. — Steven Wright
I came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys...and the building started up. So I took it out for a drive. A cop pulled me over for speeding. He asked me where I live... "Right here". — Steven Wright
Live or die, I'll make a million." -- Reebus Kneebus, before his jump to the center of the earth, Firesign Theater
The typical page layout program is nothing more than an electronic light table for cutting and pasting documents.
There are bugs and then there are bugs. And then there are bugs. — Karl Lehenbauer
My computer can beat up your computer. — Karl Lehenbauer
Kill Ugly Processor Architectures — Karl Lehenbauer
Kill Ugly Radio — Frank Zappa
Just Say No." - Nancy Reagan "No." - Ronald Reagan
Repel them. Repel them. Induce them to relinquish the spheroid. -- Indiana University fans' chant for their perennially bad football team
If it's working, the diagnostics say it's fine. If it's not working, the diagnostics say it's fine. — A proposed addition to rules for realtime programming
In the realm of scientific observation, luck is granted only to those who are prepared. — Louis Pasteur
core error - bus dumped
If imprinted foil seal under cap is broken or missing when purchased, do not use.
Come on over here, baby, I want to do a thing with you." -- A Cop, arresting a non-groovy person after the revolution, Firesign Theater
Ahead warp factor 1 — Captain Kirk
Mr. Cole's Axiom: The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
Felson's Law: To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
America has been discovered before, but it has always been hushed up. — Oscar Wilde
Unix: Some say the learning curve is steep, but you only have to climb it once. — Karl Lehenbauer
Sometimes, too long is too long. — Joe Crowe
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle. — Edmund Burke
Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst. — Thomas Paine
I say we take off; nuke the site from orbit. It's the only way to be sure. — Corporal Hicks, in "Aliens"
There is nothing so deadly as not to hold up to people the opportunity to do great and wonderful things, if we wish to stimulate them in an active way. — Dr. Harold Urey, Nobel Laureate in chemistry
I do not believe that this generation of Americans is willing to resign itself to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon... — Lyndon B. Johnson
Life's the same, except for the shoes. — The Cars
Purple hum Assorted cars Laser lights, you bring All to prove You're on the move and vanishing — The Cars
Could be you're crossing the fine line A silly driver kind of...off the wall You keep it cool when it's t-t-tight ...eyes wide open when you start to fall. — The Cars
Adapt. Enjoy. Survive.
Were there fewer fools, knaves would starve. — Anonymous
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition. — Isaac Asimov
Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of Silly Putty. — Dennis Rawlins, astronomer
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother. — Kahlil Gibran
Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith. — Paul Tillich, German theologian and historian
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd. — Voltaire
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss Bank. — Woody Allen
To downgrade the human mind is bad theology. — C. K. Chesterton
Life is a process, not a principle, a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved. -- Gerard Straub, television producer and author (stolen from Frank Herbert??)
So we follow our wandering paths, and the very darkness acts as our guide and our doubts serve to reassure us. — Jean-Pierre de Caussade, eighteenth-century Jesuit priest
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable. — H. L. Mencken
I judge a religion as being good or bad based on whether its adherents become better people as a result of practicing it. — Joe Mullally, computer salesman
Imitation is the sincerest form of plagiarism.
Unibus timeout fatal trap program lost sorry" -- An error message printed by DEC's RSTS operating system for the PDP-11
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One to hold the giraffe and one to fill the bathtub with brightly colored power tools.
How many Bavarian Illuminati does it take to screw in a light bulb? Three: one to screw it in, and one to confuse the issue.
How long does it take a DEC field service engineer to change a light bulb? It depends on how many bad ones he brought with him.
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg. — Thomas Jefferson
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church, nor by any Church that I know of. My own mind is my own Church. — Thomas Paine
God requireth not a uniformity of religion. — Roger Williams
I do not find in orthodox Christianity one redeeming feature. — Thomas Jefferson
The Bible is not my Book and Christianity is not my religion. I could never give assent to the long complicated statements of Christian dogma. — Abraham Lincoln
I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have gotten the hostages released. I thank God they were satisfied with the missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme. — Oliver North
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are drifting side by side to our common doom. — Clarence Darrow
We're here to give you a computer, not a religion. — attributed to Bob Pariseau, at the introduction of the Amiga
...there can be no public or private virtue unless the foundation of action is the practice of truth. — George Jacob Holyoake
If you'll excuse me a minute, I'm going to have a cup of coffee." -- broadcast from Apollo 11's LEM, "Eagle", to Johnson Space Center, Houston July 20, 1969, 7:27 P.M.
The meek are contesting the will.
I'm sick of being trodden on! The Elder Gods say they can make me a man! All it costs is my soul! I'll do it, cuz NOW I'M MAD!!! — Necronomicomics #1, Jack Herman & Jeff Dee
I'm a mean green mother from outer space — Audrey II, The Little Shop of Horrors
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo. — Andy Finkel, computer guy
Being schizophrenic is better than living alone.
NOWPRINT. NOWPRINT. Clemclone, back to the shadows again. — The Firesign Theater
Yes, many primitive people still believe this myth...But in today's technical vastness of the future, we can guess that surely things were much different. — The Firesign Theater
...this is an awesome sight. The entire rebel resistance buried under six million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch. — The Firesign Theater
We want to create puppets that pull their own strings. — Ann Marion
I know engineers. They love to change things. — Dr. McCoy
On our campus the UNIX system has proved to be not only an effective software tool, but an agent of technical and social change within the University. — John Lions (University of New South Wales)
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly. — Henry Spencer, University of Toronto Unix hack
The sooner all the animals are extinct, the sooner we'll find their money. — Ed Bluestone
He's dead, Jim.
New York... when civilization falls apart, remember, we were way ahead of you. — David Letterman
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word. — Al Capone
Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over. — Frank Zappa
There is no statute of limitations on stupidity. — Randomly produced by a computer program called Markov3.
There is a time in the tides of men, Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success. On the other hand, don't count on it. — T. K. Lawson
To follow foolish precedents, and wink With both our eyes, is easier than to think. — William Cowper
It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters. — Lucius Annaeus Seneca (4 B.C. - A.D. 65)
Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced. — John Keats
Your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness.
We can't schedule an orgy, it might be construed as fighting — Stanley Sutton
Weekends were made for programming. — Karl Lehenbauer
This was the ultimate form of ostentation among technology freaks -- to have a system so complete and sophisticated that nothing showed; no machines, no wires, no controls. — Michael Swanwick
Ada is the work of an architect, not a computer scientist. — Jean Icbiah, inventor of Ada, weenie
Now I lay me down to sleep I hear the sirens in the street All my dreams are made of chrome I have no way to get back home — Tom Waits
I am here by the will of the people and I won't leave until I get my raincoat back. — a slogan of the anarchists in Richard Kadrey's "Metrophage"
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb ? Seven: One to install the new bulb, and six to determine what to do with the old one for the next 10,000 years.
As long as we're going to reinvent the wheel again, we might as well try making it round this time. — Mike Dennison
This restaurant was advertising breakfast any time. So I ordered french toast in the renaissance. — Steven Wright, comedian
Everyone has a purpose in life. Perhaps yours is watching television. — David Letterman
e-credibility: the non-guaranteeable likelihood that the electronic data you're seeing is genuine rather than somebody's made-up crap. — Karl Lehenbauer
Whenever people agree with me, I always think I must be wrong. — Oscar Wilde
My mother is a fish. — William Faulkner
Spiritual leadership should remain spiritual leadership and the temporal power should not become too important in any church. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Truth has always been found to promote the best interests of mankind... — Percy Bysshe Shelley
It is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone to believe anything upon insufficient evidence. — W. K. Clifford, British philosopher, circa 1876
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly. — Voltaire
What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that is the first law of nature. — Voltaire
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster. — Voltaire
The man scarce lives who is not more credulous than he ought to be.... The natural disposition is always to believe. It is acquired wisdom and experience only that teach incredulity, and they very seldom teach it enough. — Adam Smith
A fanatic is a person who can't change his mind and won't change the subject. — Winston Churchill
We're fighting against humanism, we're fighting against liberalism... we are fighting against all the systems of Satan that are destroying our nation today...our battle is with Satan himself. — Jerry Falwell
They [preachers] dread the advance of science as witches do the approach of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions of the duperies on which they live. — Thomas Jefferson
Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proven innocent. — George Orwell
Nothing is easier than to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult than to understand him. — Fyodor Dostoevski
The Messiah will come. There will be a resurrection of the dead -- all the things that Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated. — Rabbi Meir Kahane
The world is no nursery. — Sigmund Freud
...I would go so far as to suggest that, were it not for our ego and concern to be different, the African apes would be included in our family, the Hominidae. — Richard Leakey
You need tender loving care once a week - so that I can slap you into shape. — Ellyn Mustard
It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God but to create him." -Arthur C. Clarke
Why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity?" -Ronald Reagan
There is nothing new under the sun, but there are lots of old things we don't know yet." -Ambrose Bierce
Plan to throw one away. You will anyway. — Fred Brooks
I have just one word for you, my boy...plastics. — from "The Graduate"
There is such a fine line between genius and stupidity. — David St. Hubbins
If Diet Coke did not exist it would have been necessary to invent it. — Karl Lehenbauer
In space, no one can hear you fart.
Brain damage is all in your head. — Karl Lehenbauer
Wish and hope succeed in discerning signs of paranormality where reason and careful scientific procedure fail. — James E. Alcock, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol. 12
It is better to have tried and failed than to have failed to try, but the result's the same. — Mike Dennison
It is not well to be thought of as one who meekly submits to insolence and intimidation.
Regardless of the legal speed limit, your Buick must be operated at speeds faster than 85 MPH (140kph). — 1987 Buick Grand National owners manual.
Your attitude determines your attitude. — Zig Ziglar, self-improvement doofus
Thufir's a Harkonnen now.
By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun." -- P. J. Plauger, from his April Fool's column in April 88's "Computer Language
If you want to eat hippopotamus, you've got to pay the freight. — attributed to an IBM guy, about why IBM software uses so much memory
Parkinson's Law: Work expands to fill the time alloted it.
Karl's version of Parkinson's Law: Work expands to exceed the time alloted it.
It is better to never have tried anything than to have tried something and failed. — motto of jerks, weenies and losers everywhere
...all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned products, if they are built at all, are dogs! — David E. Lundstrom, MIT Press, 1987
To take a significant step forward, you must make a series of finite improvements. — Donald J. Atwood, General Motors
We will bury you. — Nikita Kruschev
Now here's something you're really going to like! — Rocket J. Squirrel
How to make a million dollars: First, get a million dollars. — Steve Martin
Language shapes the way we think, and determines what we can think about. — B. L. Whorf
For the love of phlegm...a stupid wall of death rays. How tacky can ya get? — Post Brothers comics
Bureaucracy is the enemy of innovation. — Mark Shepherd, former President and CEO of Texas Instruments
An organization dries up if you don't challenge it with growth. — Mark Shepherd, former President and CEO of Texas Instruments
I've seen it. It's rubbish. — Marvin the Paranoid Android
Our business is run on trust. We trust you will pay in advance.
Infidels in all ages have battled for the rights of man, and have at all times been the fearless advocates of liberty and justice. — Robert Green Ingersoll
I find you lack of faith in the forth dithturbing. — Darse ("Darth") Vader
All Bibles are man-made. — Thomas Edison
Spock, did you see the looks on their faces?" "Yes, Captain, a sort of vacant contentment.
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. — Albert Einstein
I think Michael is like litmus paper - he's always trying to learn. — Elizabeth Taylor, absurd non-sequitur about Michael Jackson
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's printed on. — Samuel Goldwyn
We shall reach greater and greater platitudes of achievement. — Richard J. Daley
With molasses you catch flies, with vinegar you catch nobody. — Baltimore City Councilman Dominic DiPietro
Lead us in a few words of silent prayer. — Bill Peterson, former Houston Oiler football coach
I couldn't remember things until I took that Sam Carnegie course. — Bill Peterson, former Houston Oiler football coach
Right now I feel that I've got my feet on the ground as far as my head is concerned. — Baseball pitcher Bo Belinsky
Ninety percent of baseball is half mental. — Yogi Berra
jackpot: you may have an unnecessary change record — message from "diff"
One lawyer can steal more than a hundred men with guns. — The Godfather
What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used car salesman? A used car salesman knows when he's lying.
Those who will be able to conquer software will be able to conquer the world. — Tadahiro Sekimoto, president, NEC Corp.
There are some good people in it, but the orchestra as a whole is equivalent to a gang bent on destruction. — John Cage, composer
One day I woke up and discovered that I was in love with tripe. — Tom Anderson
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch. — Robert Orben
The rule on staying alive as a program manager is to give 'em a number or give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
An optimist believes we live in the best world possible; a pessimist fears this is true.
If John Madden steps outside on February 2, looks down, and doesn't see his feet, we'll have 6 more weeks of Pro football. — Chuck Newcombe
Dead? No excuse for laying off work.
Lead me not into temptation... I can find it myself.
When people are least sure, they are often most dogmatic. — John Kenneth Galbraith
Nature is very un-American. Nature never hurries. — William George Jordan
We learn from history that we learn nothing from history. — George Bernard Shaw
Flattery is all right -- if you don't inhale. — Adlai Stevenson
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago. — Bernard Berenson
Summit meetings tend to be like panda matings. The expectations are always high, and the results usually disappointing. — Robert Orben
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices. — William James
Tell the truth and run. — Yugoslav proverb
The best index to a person's character is a) how he treats people who can't do him any good and b) how he treats people who can't fight back. — Abigail Van Buren
Never face facts; if you do, you'll never get up in the morning. — Marlo Thomas
Life is a garment we continuously alter, but which never seems to fit. — David McCord
The value of marriage is not that adults produce children, but that children produce adults. — Peter De Vries
It is easier to fight for principles than to live up to them. — Alfred Adler
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature... Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. — Helen Keller
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods. — Albert Einstein
Success covers a multitude of blunders. — George Bernard Shaw
The mark of an immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one. — William Stekel
Yes, and I feel bad about rendering their useless carci into dogfood... — Badger comics
Is it really you, Fuzz, or is it Memorex, or is it radiation sickness? — Sonic Disruptors comics
Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons for it afterwards. — Soren F. Petersen
You're a creature of the night, Michael. Wait'll Mom hears about this. — from the movie "The Lost Boys"
Plastic gun. Ingenious. More coffee, please. — The Phantom comics
The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average.
A child is a person who can't understand why someone would give away a perfectly good kitten. — Doug Larson
Silent gratitude isn't very much use to anyone. — G. B. Stearn
In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current. — Thomas Jefferson
The first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to the left.
But this one goes to eleven. — Nigel Tufnel
Been through Hell? Whaddya bring back for me? — A. Brilliant
I don't know what their gripe is. A critic is simply someone paid to render opinions glibly." "Critics are grinks and groinks. — Baron and Badger, from Badger comics
I've got some amyls. We could either party later or, like, start his heart. — "Cheech and Chong's Next Movie"
And, of course, you have the commercials where savvy businesspeople Get Ahead by using their MacIntosh computers to create the ultimate American business product: a really sharp-looking report. — Dave Barry
SHOP OR DIE, people of Earth! [offer void where prohibited] — Capitalists from outer space, from Justice League Int'l comics
Roman Polanski makes his own blood. He's smart -- that's why his movies work. — A brilliant director at "Frank's Place"
The following is not for the weak of heart or Fundamentalists. — Dave Barry
I take Him shopping with me. I say, 'OK, Jesus, help me find a bargain' — Tammy Faye Bakker
Gary Hart: living proof that you *can* screw your brains out.
Blessed be those who initiate lively discussions with the hopelessly mute, for they shall be know as Dentists.
I don't believe in sweeping social change being manifested by one person, unless he has an atomic weapon. — Howard Chaykin
Ever free-climbed a thousand foot vertical cliff with 60 pounds of gear strapped to your butt?" "No." "'Course you haven't, you fruit-loop little geek." -- The Mountain Man, one of Dana Carvey's SNL characters [ditto]
I mean, like, I just read your article in the Yale law recipe, on search and seizure. Man, that was really Out There." "I was so WRECKED when I wrote that... — John Lovitz, as ex-Supreme Court nominee Alan Ginsburg, on SNL
Hi, I'm Professor Alan Ginsburg... But you can call me... Captain Toke. — John Lovitz, as ex-Supreme Court nominee Alan Ginsburg, on SNL
It's great to be smart 'cause then you know stuff.
Time is money and money can't buy you love and I love your outfit — T.H.U.N.D.E.R. #1
Can't you just gesture hypnotically and make him disappear?" "It does not work that way. RUN! — Hadji on metaphysics and Mandrake in "Jonny Quest"
You shouldn't make my toaster angry. — Household security explained in "Jonny Quest"
Someone's been mean to you! Tell me who it is, so I can punch him tastefully. — Ralph Bakshi's Mighty Mouse
Victory or defeat!
Everyone is entitled to an *informed* opinion. — Harlan Ellison
It's curtains for you, Mighty Mouse! This gun is so futuristic that even *I* don't know how it works! — from Ralph Bakshi's Mighty Mouse
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. — George Carlin
A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem.
Daddy, Daddy, make Santa Claus go away!" "I can't, son; he's grown too powerful." "HO HO HO! — Duck's Breath Mystery Theatre
If it's not loud, it doesn't work! — Blank Reg, from "Max Headroom"
Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure that you're the one holding it — Captain Combat
Delta: We never make the same mistake three times. -- David Letterman
Delta: A real man lands where he wants to. -- David Letterman
Delta: The kids will love our inflatable slides. -- David Letterman
Delta: We're Amtrak with wings. -- David Letterman
Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will. — John Kenneth Galbraith
Hello again, Peabody here... — Mister Peabody
It's the best thing since professional golfers on 'ludes. — Rick Obidiah
Well, social relevance is a schtick, like mysteries, social relevance, science fiction... — Art Spiegelman
If you took everyone who's ever been to a Dead show, and lined them up, they'd stretch halfway to the moon and back... and none of them would be complaining. — a local Deadhead in the Seattle Times
And remember: Evil will always prevail, because Good is dumb. — Spaceballs
During the race We may eat your dust, But when you graduate, You'll work for us. — Reed College cheer
Pohl's law: Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
Pig: An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race by the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however, is inferior in scope, for it balks at pig. — Ambrose Bierce
We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand. — James Watt
I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this country what it once was... an arctic wilderness. — Steve Martin
To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition. — Woody Allen
Noncombatant: A dead Quaker. — Ambrose Bierce
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again. — Clint Eastwood
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I. I believe everything positively stinks. — Lew Col
Q: How many IBM CPU's does it take to execute a job? A: Four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab: Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
Captain Penny's Law: You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you can't fool mom.
Because he's a character who's looking for his own identity, [He-Man is] an interesting role for an actor. — Dolph Lundgren
If Jesus came back today, and saw what was going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up. — Max Von Sydow's character in "Hannah and Her Sisters"
Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again. God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again. — Woody Allen's character in "Hannah and Her Sisters"
Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core. — Hannah Arendt.
Quod licet Iovi non licet bovi. (What Jove may do, is not permitted to a cow.)
I distrust a man who says 'when.' If he's got to be careful not to drink too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does. — Sidney Greenstreet, _The Maltese Falcon_
All extremists should be taken out and shot.
The sixties were good to you, weren't they? — George Carlin
You stay here, Audrey -- this is between me and the vegetable! — Seymour, from _Little Shop Of Horrors_
From Sharp minds come... pointed heads. — Bryan Sparrowhawk
There are two kinds of egotists: 1) Those who admit it 2) The rest of us
The picture's pretty bleak, gentlemen... The world's climates are changing, the mammals are taking over, and we all have a brain about the size of a walnut. — some dinosaurs from The Far Side, by Gary Larson
We Americans, we're a simple people... but piss us off, and we'll bomb your cities. — Robin Williams, _Good Morning Vietnam_
Why won't sharks eat lawyers? Professional courtesy.
You know, we've won awards for this crap. — David Letterman
It was pity stayed his hand. "Pity I don't have any more bullets," thought Frito. — _Bored_of_the_Rings_, a Harvard Lampoon parody of Tolkein
A good USENET motto would be: a. "Together, a strong community." b. "Computers R Us." c. "I'm sick of programming, I think I'll just screw around for a while on company time. — A Sane Man
He didn't run for reelection. `Politics brings you into contact with all the people you'd give anything to avoid,' he said. `I'm staying home.' — Garrison Keillor, _Lake_Wobegone_Days_
If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and fire them all off, wouldn't you? — Garrison Keillor
Mr. Spock succumbs to a powerful mating urge and nearly kills Captain Kirk. — TV Guide, describing the Star Trek episode _Amok_Time_
Poor man... he was like an employee to me." -- The police commissioner on "Sledge Hammer" laments the death of his bodyguard
Trust me. I know what I'm doing. — Sledge Hammer
All God's children are not beautiful. Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable. — Fran Lebowitz
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library? — Lily Tomlin
Whom the gods would destroy, they first teach BASIC.
Look! There! Evil!.. pure and simple, total evil from the Eighth Dimension! — Buckaroo Banzai
I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid — the artificial person, from _Aliens_
The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy. — Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards
Danger, you haven't seen the last of me!" "No, but the first of you turns my stomach! — The Firesign Theatre's Nick Danger
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore. — Russian Proverb
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats. — Howard Aiken
When anyone says `theoretically,' they really mean `not really.' — David Parnas
For the man who has everything... Penicillin. — F. Borquin
I've finally learned what `upward compatible' means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes. — Dennie van Tassel
The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones. — Nathaniel Howe
It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underwear. — Norm, from _Cheers_
Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict, Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease". Disraeli replied, "That all depends, Sir, upon whether I embrace your principles or your mistress.
He don't know me vewy well, DO he?" -- Bugs Bunny
I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob. That will *prove* I'm Robin Hood. — Daffy Duck, Looney Tunes, _Robin Hood Daffy_
Would I turn on the gas if my pal Mugsy were in there?" "You might, rabbit, you might! — Looney Tunes, Bugs and Thugs (1954, Friz Freleng)
Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich. — Looney Tunes, Ali Baba Bunny (1957, Chuck Jones)
And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel? — Looney Tunes, The Scarlet Pumpernickel (1950, Chuck Jones)
Now I've got the bead on you with MY disintegrating gun. And when it disintegrates, it disintegrates. (pulls trigger) Well, what you do know, it disintegrated. — Duck Dodgers in the 24th and a half century
Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit! — Looney Tunes (1957, Chuck Jones)
I DO want your money, because god wants your money! — The Reverend Jimmy, from _Repo_Man_
The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time. The terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency. — Albert Einstein
You show me an American who can keep his mouth shut and I'll eat him. — Newspaperman from Frank Capra's _Meet_John_Doe_
And we heard him exclaim As he started to roam: `I'm a hologram, kids, please don't try this at home!'" -- Bob Violence — Howie Chaykin's little animated 3-dimensional darling, Bob Violence
There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum. — Arthur C. Clarke
They ought to make butt-flavored cat food." --Gallagher
Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends. — Woody Allen
It's ten o'clock... Do you know where your AI programs are?" -- Peter Oakley
Interesting survey in the current Journal of Abnormal Psychology: New York City has a higher percentage of people you shouldn't make any sudden moves around than any other city in the world. — David Letterman
Tourists -- have some fun with New york's hard-boiled cabbies. When you get to your destination, say to your driver, "Pay? I was hitchhiking. — David Letterman
An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax. — David Letterman
If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with pool cues, who would win? 1) Ricky Schroder 2) Gary Coleman 3) The television viewing public — David Letterman
If you are beginning to doubt what I am saying, you are probably hallucinating. — The Firesign Theatre, _Everything you know is Wrong_
What to do in case of an alien attack: 1) Hide beneath the seat of your plane and look away. 2) Avoid eye contact. 3) If there are no eyes, avoid all contact. — The Firesign Theatre, _Everything you know is Wrong_
Nuclear war would really set back cable. — Ted Turner
You tweachewous miscweant! — Elmer Fudd
I saw _Lassie_. It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series? — the alien guy, in _Explorers_
Open Channel D... — Napoleon Solo, The Man From U.N.C.L.E.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
Support Mental Health. Or I'll kill you.
The pyramid is opening!" "Which one?" "The one with the ever-widening hole in it! — The Firesign Theatre
Calling J-Man Kink. Calling J-Man Kink. Hash missile sighted, target Los Angeles. Disregard personal feelings about city and intercept. — The Firesign Theatre movie, _J-Men Forever_
My sense of purpose is gone! I have no idea who I AM!" "Oh, my God... You've.. You've turned him into a DEMOCRAT! — Doonesbury
You are WRONG, you ol' brass-breasted fascist poop! — Bloom County
Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *can* you believe?! — Bullwinkle J. Moose
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries! — Monty Python and the Holy Grail
Take that, you hostile sons-of-bitches! — James Coburn, in the finale of _The_President's_Analyst_
The voters have spoken, the bastards... — unknown
I prefer to think that God is not dead, just drunk — John Huston
Be there. Aloha. — Steve McGarret, _Hawaii Five-Oh_
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro... — Hunter S. Thompson
Say yur prayers, yuh flea-pickin' varmint! — Yosemite Sam
There... I've run rings 'round you logically — Monty Python's Flying Circus
Let's show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown! — The Ghostbusters
Just the facts, Ma'am — Joe Friday
I have five dollars for each of you. — Bernhard Goetz
Mausoleum: The final and funniest folly of the rich. — Ambrose Bierce
Riches: A gift from Heaven signifying, "This is my beloved son, in whom I am well pleased. — John D. Rockefeller, (slander by Ambrose Bierce)
All things are either sacred or profane. The former to ecclesiasts bring gain; The latter to the devil appertain. — Dumbo Omohundro
Saint: A dead sinner revised and edited. — Ambrose Bierce
Meekness: Uncommon patience in planning a revenge that is worth while. — Ambrose Bierce
Abstainer: A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure. A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others. — Ambrose Bierce
Alliance: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third. — Ambrose Bierce
Disobedience: The silver lining to the cloud of servitude. — Ambrose Bierce
Egotist: A person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me. — Ambrose Bierce
Administration: An ingenious abstraction in politics, designed to receive the kicks and cuffs due to the premier or president. — Ambrose Bierce
A penny saved is a penny to squander. — Ambrose Bierce
Ocean: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man -- who has no gills. — Ambrose Bierce
Physician: One upon whom we set our hopes when ill and our dogs when well. — Ambrose Bierce
Philosophy: A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing. — Ambrose Bierce
Politics: A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles. The conduct of public affairs for private advantage. — Ambrose Bierce
Pray: To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy. — Ambrose Bierce
Presidency: The greased pig in the field game of American politics. — Ambrose Bierce
Proboscis: The rudimentary organ of an elephant which serves him in place of the knife-and-fork that Evolution has as yet denied him. For purposes of humor it is popularly called a trunk. — Ambrose Bierce
Today's robots are very primitive, capable of understanding only a few simple instructions such as 'go left', 'go right', and 'build car'. — John Sladek
In the fight between you and the world, back the world. — Frank Zappa
Here is an Appalachian version of management's answer to those who are concerned with the fate of the project: "Don't worry about the mule. Just load the wagon. — Mike Dennison's hillbilly uncle
Being against torture ought to be sort of a bipartisan thing. — Karl Lehenbauer
Here comes Mr. Bill's dog. — Narrator, Saturday Night Live
Sex is like air. It's only a big deal if you can't get any.
Maintain an awareness for contribution -- to your schedule, your project, our company. — A Group of Employees
Ask not what A Group of Employees can do for you. But ask what can All Employees do for A Group of Employees. — Mike Dennison
Many alligators will be slain, but the swamp will remain.
What the gods would destroy they first submit to an IEEE standards committee.
This is now. Later is later.
I will make no bargains with terrorist hardware. — Peter da Silva
If I do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go to hell. — Jimmy Swaggart, 5/20/88
Dump the condiments. If we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good. — "Visionaries" cartoon
Aww, if you make me cry anymore, you'll fog up my helmet. — "Visionaries" cartoon
I don't want to be young again, I just don't want to get any older.
Marriage Ceremony: An incredible metaphysical sham of watching God and the law being dragged into the affairs of your family. — O. C. Ogilvie
When it is incorrect, it is, at least *authoritatively* incorrect. — Hitchiker's Guide To The Galaxy
Voodoo Programming: Things programmers do that they know shouldn't work but they try anyway, and which sometimes actually work, such as recompiling everything. — Karl Lehenbauer
This knowledge I pursue is the finest pleasure I have ever known. I could no sooner give it up that I could the very air that I breath. — Paolo Uccello, Renaissance artist, discoverer of the laws of perspective
I got everybody to pay up front...then I blew up their planet." "Now why didn't I think of that? — Post Bros. Comics
Atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed. — Robin, The Boy Wonder
The F-15 Eagle: If it's up, we'll shoot it down. If it's down, we'll blow it up. — A McDonnel-Douglas ad from a few years ago
The Amiga is the only personal computer where you can run a multitasking operating system and get realtime performance, out of the box. — Peter da Silva
It's my cookie file and if I come up with something that's lame and I like it, it goes in. — karl (Karl Lehenbauer)
FORTRAN? The syntactically incorrect statement "DO 10 I = 1.10" will parse and generate code creating a variable, DO10I, as follows: "DO10I = 1.10" If that doesn't terrify you, it should.
I just want to be a good engineer." -- Steve Wozniak, co-founder of Apple Computer, concluding his keynote speech at the 1988 AppleFest
When in doubt, print 'em out. — Karl's Programming Proverb 0x7
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it. — Perlis's Programming Proverb #58, SIGPLAN Notices, Sept.  1982
What if" is a trademark of Hewlett Packard, so stop using it in your sentences without permission, or risk being sued.
We came. We saw. We kicked its ass. — Bill Murray, _Ghostbusters_
If you permit yourself to read meanings into (rather than drawing meanings out of) the evidence, you can draw any conclusion you like. -- Michael Keith, "The Bar-Code Beast", The Skeptical Enquirer Vol 12 No 4 p 416
Only a brain-damaged operating system would support task switching and not make the simple next step of supporting multitasking. — George McFry
Sigmund Freud is alleged to have said that in the last analysis the entire field of psychology may reduce to biological electrochemistry.
Laugh while you can, monkey-boy. — Dr. Emilio Lizardo
Floggings will continue until morale improves. — anonymous flyer being distributed at Exxon USA
Hey Ivan, check your six." -- Sidewinder missile jacket patch, showing a Sidewinder driving up the tail of a Russian Su-27
Free markets select for winning solutions. — Eric S. Raymond
The urge to destroy is also a creative urge." -- Bakunin [ed. note - I would say: The urge to destroy may sometimes be a creative urge.]
Wish not to seem, but to be, the best. — Aeschylus
Survey says... — Richard Dawson, weenie, on "Family Feud"
Paul Lynde to block... — a contestant on "Hollywood Squares"
Little else matters than to write good code. — Karl Lehenbauer
To write good code is a worthy challenge, and a source of civilized delight. — stolen and paraphrased from William Safire
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward — William E. Davidsen
If a computer can't directly address all the RAM you can use, it's just a toy. — anonymous comp.sys.amiga posting, non-sequitur
A dirty mind is a joy forever. — Randy Kunkee
You can't teach seven foot." -- Frank Layton, Utah Jazz basketball coach, when asked why he had recruited a seven-foot tall auto mechanic
A car is just a big purse on wheels. — Johanna Reynolds
History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions. — Ted Koppel
God grant me the senility to accept the things I cannot change, The frustration to try to change things I cannot affect, and the wisdom to tell the difference.
Nine years of ballet, asshole." -- Shelly Long, to the bad guy after making a jump over a gorge that he couldn't quite, in "Outrageous Fortune
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
If that man in the PTL is such a healer, why can't he make his wife's hairdo go down? — Robin Williams
What a wonder is USENET; such wholesale production of conjecture from such a trifling investment in fact. — Carl S. Gutekunst
VMS must die!
MS-DOS must die!
OS/2 must die!
Pournelle must die!
Garbage In, Gospel Out
Being against torture ought to be sort of a multipartisan thing. — Karl Lehenbauer, as amended by Jeff Daiell, a Libertarian
Facts are stupid things." -- President Ronald Reagan (a blooper from his speech at the '88 GOP convention)
An ounce of prevention is worth a ton of code. — an anonymous programmer
To IBM, 'open' means there is a modicum of interoperability among some of their equipment. — Harv Masterson
Just think of a computer as hardware you can program. — Nigel de la Tierre
If you own a machine, you are in turn owned by it, and spend your time serving it... — Marion Zimmer Bradley, _The Forbidden Tower_
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. — Albert Einstein
Card readers? We don't need no stinking card readers." -- Peter da Silva (at the National Academy of Sciences, 1965, in a particularly vivid fantasy)
Your good nature will bring unbounded happiness.
Semper Fi, dude.
An entire fraternity of strapping Wall-Street-bound youth. Hell - this is going to be a blood bath! — Post Bros. Comics
Neighbors!! We got neighbors! We ain't supposed to have any neighbors, and I just had to shoot one. — Post Bros. Comics
Gotcha, you snot-necked weenies! — Post Bros. Comics
interlard - vt., to intersperse; diversify — Webster's New World Dictionary Of The American Language
Everybody is talking about the weather but nobody does anything about it." -- Charles Dudley Warner, quoted by Mark Twain — https://quoteinvestigator.com/2010/04/23/everybody-talks-about-the-weather/
How many teamsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?" "FIFTEEN!! YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH THAT?
If you weren't my teacher, I'd think you just deleted all my files." -- an anonymous UCB CS student, to an instructor who had typed "rm -i *" to get rid of a file named "-f" on a Unix system.
The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who, in times of moral crisis, preserved their neutrality. — Dante
The medium is the message. — Marshall McLuhan
The medium is the massage. — Crazy Nigel
Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser. — Vince Lombardi, football coach
It might help if we ran the MBA's out of Washington. — Admiral Grace Hopper
Refreshed by a brief blackout, I got to my feet and went next door. — Martin Amis, _Money_
Love may fail, but courtesy will prevail. — A Kurt Vonnegut fan
You tried it just for once, found it alright for kicks, but now you find out you have a habit that sticks, you're an orgasm addict, you're always at it, and you're an orgasm addict. — The Buzzcocks
There is no distinctly American criminal class except Congress. — Mark Twain
You'll pay to know what you really think. — J. R. "Bob" Dobbs
We live, in a very kooky time. — Herb Blashtfalt
Pull the wool over your own eyes! — J. R. "Bob" Dobbs
Okay," Bobby said, getting the hang of it, "then what's the matrix? If she's a deck, and Danbala's a program, what's cyberspace?" "The world," Lucas said. — William Gibson, _Count Zero_
Our reruns are better than theirs. — Nick at Nite
Life is a game. Money is how we keep score. — Ted Turner
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain. — The Wizard Of Oz
It ain't so much the things we don't know that get us in trouble. It's the things we know that ain't so. — Artemus Ward aka Charles Farrar Brown
Don't discount flying pigs before you have good air defense. — jvh@clinet.FI
In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble. — Alan Perlis
Pok pok pok, P'kok! — Superchicken
Live Free or Live in Massachusettes.
You can't get very far in this world without your dossier being there first. — Arthur Miller
Flight Reservation systems decide whether or not you exist. If your information isn't in their database, then you simply don't get to go anywhere. — Arthur Miller
What people have been reduced to are mere 3-D representations of their own data. — Arthur Miller
The Avis WIZARD decides if you get to drive a car. Your head won't touch the pillow of a Sheraton unless their computer says it's okay. — Arthur Miller
Data is a lot like humans: It is born. Matures. Gets married to other data, divorced. Gets old. One thing that it doesn't do is die. It has to be killed. — Arthur Miller
People should have access to the data which you have about them. There should be a process for them to challenge any inaccuracies. — Arthur Miller
Do not lose your knowledge that man's proper estate is an upright posture, an intransigent mind, and a step that travels unlimited roads. — John Galt, in Ayn Rand's _Atlas Shrugged_
The bug stops here.
The bug starts here.
Why waste negative entropy on comments, when you could use the same entropy to create bugs instead? — Steve Elias
The pathology is to want control, not that you ever get it, because of course you never do. — Gregory Bateson
Your butt is mine. — Michael Jackson, Bad
Once they go up, who cares where they come down? That's not my department. — Werner von Braun
When the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to treat everything as if it were a nail. — Abraham Maslow
The lesser of two evils -- is evil. — Seymour (Sy) Leon
It's no sweat, Henry. Russ made it back to Bugtown before he died. So he'll regenerate in a couple of days. It's just awful sloppy of him to get killed in the first place. Humph! — Ron Post, Post Brothers Comics
Is this foreplay?" "No, this is Nuke Strike. Foreplay has lousy graphics. Beat me again. — Duckert, in "Bad Rubber," Albedo #0 (comics)
egrep patterns are full regular expressions; it uses a fast deterministic algorithm that sometimes needs exponential space. — unix manuals
A mind is a terrible thing to have leaking out your ears. — The League of Sadistic Telepaths
Life sucks, but it's better than the alternative. — Peter da Silva
If this is a service economy, why is the service so bad?
I shall expect a chemical cure for psychopathic behavior by 10 A.M. tomorrow, or I'll have your guts for spaghetti. — a comic panel by Cotham
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. — Will Rogers
An open mind has but one disadvantage: it collects dirt. — a saying at RPI
The geeks shall inherit the earth. — Karl Lehenbauer
Beware of programmers carrying screwdrivers. — Chip Salzenberg
Elvis is my copilot. — Cal Keegan
The fundamental principle of science, the definition almost, is this: the sole test of the validity of any idea is experiment. — Richard P. Feynman
How many Unix hacks does it take to change a light bulb? Let's see, can you use a shell script for that or does it need a C program?
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. Hate me because I'm beautiful, smart and rich. — Calvin Keegan
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts. — Bertrand Russell
Always look over your shoulder because everyone is watching and plotting against you.
Let us condemn to hellfire all those who disagree with us. — militant religionists everywhere
Baby On Board.
The number of Unix installations has grown to 10, with more expected. — The Unix Programmer's Manual, 2nd Edition, June, 1972
Engineering without management is art. — Jeff Johnson
I'm not a god, I was misquoted. — Lister, Red Dwarf
Brain off-line, please wait.
Are you having fun yet?
The vast majority of successful major crimes against property are perpetrated by individuals abusing positions of trust. — Lawrence Dalzell
Seed me, Seymour — a random number generator meets the big green mother from outer space
Buy land. They've stopped making it. — Mark Twain
Open the pod bay doors, HAL. — Dave Bowman, 2001
There was no difference between the behavior of a god and the operations of pure chance... — Thomas Pynchon, _Gravity's Rainbow_
...the prevailing Catholic odor - incense, wax, centuries of mild bleating from the lips of the flock. — Thomas Pynchon, _Gravity's Rainbow_
backups: always in season, never out of style.
This generation may be the one that will face Armageddon. — Ronald Reagan magazine, December 26, 1985
Call immediately. Time is running out. We both need to do something monstrous before we die. — Message from Ralph Steadman to Hunter Thompson
The only way for a reporter to look at a politician is down. — H. L. Mencken
You don't go out and kick a mad dog. If you have a mad dog with rabies, you take a gun and shoot him. — Pat Robertson, TV Evangelist, about Muammar Kadhafy
miracle: an extremely outstanding or unusual event, thing, or accomplishment. — Webster's Dictionary
The computer programmer is a creator of universes for which he alone is responsible. Universes of virtually unlimited complexity can be created in the form of computer programs. — Joseph Weizenbaum, _Computer Power and Human Reason_
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong. — Norm Schryer
May your future be limited only by your dreams. — Christa McAuliffe
It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it. — Henry Allen
Life begins when you can spend your spare time programming instead of watching television. — Cal Keegan
Eat shit -- billions of flies can't be wrong.
We never make assertions, Miss Taggart," said Hugh Akston. "That is the moral crime peculiar to our enemies. We do not tell -- we *show*. We do not claim -- we *prove*. — Ayn Rand, _Atlas Shrugged_
I remember when I was a kid I used to come home from Sunday School and my mother would get drunk and try to make pancakes. — George Carlin
My father? My father left when I was quite young. Well actually, he was asked to leave. He had trouble metabolizing alcohol. — George Carlin
Anyone attempting to generate random numbers by deterministic means is, of course, living in a state of sin. — John Von Neumann
You must have an IQ of at least half a million." -- Popeye
Freedom is still the most radical idea of all. — Nathaniel Branden
Aren't you glad you're not getting all the government you pay for now?
I never let my schooling get in the way of my education. — Mark Twain
These screamingly hilarious gogs ensure owners of X Ray Gogs to be the life of any party. — X-Ray Gogs Instructions
Thank heaven for startups; without them we'd never have any advances. — Seymour Cray
Out of register space (ugh) — vi
Ada is PL/I trying to be Smalltalk. — Codoso diBlini
The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding. — Justice Louis O. Brandeis (Olmstead vs. United States)
'Tis true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis 'tis true. — Poloniouius, in Willie the Shake's _Hamlet, Prince of Darkness_
All the people are so happy now, their heads are caving in. I'm glad they are a snowman with protective rubber skin — They Might Be Giants
Indecision is the basis of flexibility — button at a Science Fiction convention.
Sometimes insanity is the only alternative — button at a Science Fiction convention.
Old age and treachery will beat youth and skill every time. — a coffee cup
The most important thing in a man is not what he knows, but what he is. — Narciso Yepes
All we are given is possibilities -- to make ourselves one thing or another. — Ortega y Gasset
We will be better and braver if we engage and inquire than if we indulge in the idle fancy that we already know -- or that it is of no use seeking to know what we do not know. — Plato
We cannot put off living until we are ready. The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness; it is always urgent, "here and now," without any possible postponement. Life is fired at us point blank. — Ortega y Gasset
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere. — Dr. Seuss
When it comes to humility, I'm the greatest. — Bullwinkle Moose
1 1 was a race-horse, 2 2 was 1 2. When 1 1 1 1 race, 2 2 1 1 2.
I figured there was this holocaust, right, and the only ones left alive were Donna Reed, Ozzie and Harriet, and the Cleavers." -- Wil Wheaton explains why everyone in "Star Trek: The Next Generation" is so nice
Engineering meets art in the parking lot and things explode. — Garry Peterson, about Survival Research Labs
Why can't we ever attempt to solve a problem in this country without having a 'War' on it?" -- Rich Thomson, talk.politics.misc
Professional wrestling: ballet for the common man.
An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup. — H. L. Mencken
Never give in. Never give in. Never. Never. Never. — Winston Churchill
Never ascribe to malice that which is caused by greed and ignorance. — Cal Keegan
If you want to know what happens to you when you die, go look at some dead stuff. — Dave Enyeart
I prefer rogues to imbeciles, because they sometimes take a rest. — Alexandre Dumas (fils)
Everyone's head is a cheap movie show. — Jeff G. Bone
Life is full of concepts that are poorly defined. In fact, there are very few concepts that aren't. It's hard to think of any in non-technical fields. — Daniel Kimberg
Who are the artists in the Computer Graphics Show? Wavefront's latest box, or the people who programmed it? Should Mandelbrot get all the credit for the output of programs like MandelVroom? — Peter da Silva
As I was walking among the fires of Hell, delighted with the enjoyments of Genius; which to Angels look like torment and insanity. I collected some of their Proverbs..." - Blake, "The Marriage of Heaven and Hell
Seen on a button at an SF Convention: Veteran of the Bermuda Triangle Expeditionary Force. 1990-1951.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed. — Albert Einstein
What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite. — Bertrand Russell, _Sceptical_Essays_, 1928
Were there no women, men might live like gods. — Thomas Dekker
Intelligence without character is a dangerous thing. — G. Steinem
It says he made us all to be just like him. So if we're dumb, then god is dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side. — Frank Zappa
BTW, does Jesus know you flame? — Diane Holt, dianeh@binky.UUCP, to Ed Carp
I've seen the forgeries I've sent out. — John F. Haugh II (jfh@rpp386.Dallas.TX.US), about forging net news articles
Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated? — Patricia O Tuama, rissa@killer.DALLAS.TX.US
Bite off, dirtball." Richard Sexton, richard@gryphon.COM
Oh my! An `inflammatory attitude' in alt.flame? Never heard of such a thing... — Allen Gwinn, allen@sulaco.Sigma.COM
(null cookie; hope that's ok)
In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Who alone has reason to *lie himself out* of actuality? He who *suffers* from it. — Friedrich Nietzsche
You who hate the Jews so, why did you adopt their religion? — Friedrich Nietzsche, addressing anti-semitic Christians
Little prigs and three-quarter madmen may have the conceit that the laws of nature are constantly broken for their sakes. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Faith: not *wanting* to know what is true. — Friedrich Nietzsche
>One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative. Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this. The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame. — Chuq Von Rospach, chuq@Apple.COM
Backed up the system lately?
It doesn't much signify whom one marries for one is sure to find out next morning it was someone else. — Rogers
If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry. — Chekhov
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished. — Goethe
In matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved. — Butler
The great question... which I have not been able to answer... is, `What does woman want?' — Sigmund Freud
I have recently been examining all the known superstitions of the world, and do not find in our particular superstition (Christianity) one redeeming feature. They are all alike founded on fables and mythology. — Thomas Jefferson
Remember: Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life. — Dave Butler
The preeminence of a learned man over a worshiper is equal to the preeminence of the moon, at the night of the full moon, over all the stars. Verily, the learned men are the heirs of the Prophets. — A tradition attributed to Muhammad
The question is rather: if we ever succeed in making a mind 'of nuts and bolts', how will we know we have succeeded? -- Fergal Toomey "It will tell us. — Barry Kort
Inquiry is fatal to certainty. — Will Durant
The Mets were great in 'sixty eight, The Cards were fine in 'sixty nine, But the Cubs will be heavenly in nineteen and seventy. — Ernie Banks
Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong. — Blair Houghton
...one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs. — Robert Firth
What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas? A Dan Quayle watch. — heard from a Mike Dukakis field worker
Q: What's the difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman? A: The car salesman can probably drive! — Joan McGalliard (jem@latcs1.oz.au)
Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par." -- Dave Mack (mack@inco.UUCP) "Yours is. — Allen Gwinn (allen@sulaco.sigma.com), in alt.flame
Jesus saves...but Gretzky gets the rebound! — Daniel Hinojosa (hinojosa@hp-sdd)
Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator." -- Claude Shouse (shouse@macomw.ARPA) "Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist. — Joseph C. Wang (joe@athena.mit.edu)
Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines. — Bertrand Russell
As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist. This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls. — Matt Cartmill
Heisenberg might have been here.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant. — Aesop
Experience has proved that some people indeed know everything. — Russell Baker
How many Zen Buddhist does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to change it and one not to change it.
I prefer the blunted cudgels of the followers of the Serpent God. — Sean Doran the Younger
If I do not want others to quote me, I do not speak. — Phil Wayne
my terminal is a lethal teaspoon. — Patricia O Tuama
I am ... a woman ... and ... technically a parasitic uterine growth — Sean Doran the Younger [allegedly]
Is it just me, or does anyone else read `bible humpers' every time someone writes `bible thumpers?' — Joel M. Snyder, jms@mis.arizona.edu
Money is the root of all money. — the moving finger
...Greg Nowak: `Another flame from greg' - need I say more?" -- Jonathan D. Trudel, trudel@caip.rutgers.edu "No. You need to say less. — Richard Sexton, richard@gryphon.COM
And it's my opinion, and that's only my opinion, you are a lunatic. Just because there are a few hundred other people sharing your lunacy with you does not make you any saner. Doomed, eh? — Oleg Kiselev,oleg@CS.UCLA.EDU
Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is to a cockatoo. — George Bernard Shaw
Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out. — Montaigne
For a male and female to live continuously together is... biologically speaking, an extremely unnatural condition. — Robert Briffault
Marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it. — Baskins
A man is not complete until he is married -- then he is finished.
Marriage is the sole cause of divorce.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
The chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain. — G. Fitch
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company. — Mark Twain
If there isn't a population problem, why is the government putting cancer in the cigarettes? — the elder Steptoe, c. 1970
If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do: Pour a little Lavoris in the toilet. — Comedian Jay Leno
Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like `Psychic Wins Lottery.' — Comedian Jay Leno
Well hello there Charlie Brown, you blockhead. — Lucy Van Pelt
Ignorance is the soil in which belief in miracles grows. — Robert G. Ingersoll
Let every man teach his son, teach his daughter, that labor is honorable. — Robert G. Ingersoll
I have not the slightest confidence in 'spiritual manifestations.' — Robert G. Ingersoll
It is hard to overstate the debt that we owe to men and women of genius. — Robert G. Ingersoll
Joy is wealth and love is the legal tender of the soul. — Robert G. Ingersoll
The hands that help are better far than the lips that pray. — Robert G. Ingersoll
It is the creationists who blasphemously are claiming that God is cheating us in a stupid way. — J. W. Nienhuys
No, no, I don't mind being called the smartest man in the world. I just wish it wasn't this one. — Adrian Veidt/Ozymandias, WATCHMEN
Be *excellent* to each other. — Bill, or Ted, in Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure
Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it." -- Alex Schure
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come. — Matt Groening
I'm not afraid of dying, I just don't want to be there when it happens. — Woody Allen
The Street finds its own uses for technology. — William Gibson
I see little divinity about them or you. You talk to me of Christianity when you are in the act of hanging your enemies. Was there ever such blasphemous nonsense! — Shaw
You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but only for a limited period of time. Why should we think that collectively, as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation? — Ronald Reagan
He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable perversion. — Mick Farren, _When Gravity Fails_
Conversion, fastidious Goddess, loves blood better than brick, and feasts most subtly on the human will. — Virginia Woolf
It's time to boot, do your boot ROMs know where your disk controllers are?
What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying. — Nikita Khrushchev
...a most excellent barbarian ... Genghis Khan! — _Bill And Ted's Excellent Adventure_
Pull the trigger and you're garbage. — Lady Blue
Oh what wouldn't I give to be spat at in the face... — a prisoner in "Life of Brian"
Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy of him that brought her birth. — Milton
If you can't debate me, then there is no way in hell you'll out-insult me." -- Scott Legrand (Scott.Legrand@hogbbs.Fidonet.Org) "You may be wrong here, little one. — R. W. F. Clark (RWC102@PSUVM)
BYTE editors are men who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then print the chaff." -- Lionel Hummel (uiucdcs!hummel), derived from a quote by Adlai Stevenson, Sr.
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety. — Benjamin Franklin, 1759
I am, therefore I am. — Akira
Stan and I thought that this experiment was so stupid, we decided to finance it ourselves. — Martin Fleischmann, co-discoverer of room-temperature fusion (?)
I have more information in one place than anybody in the world. — Jerry Pournelle, an absurd notion, apparently about the BIX BBS
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts. — John Wooden
If you can write a nation's stories, you needn't worry about who makes its laws. Today, television tells most of the stories to most of the people most of the time. — George Gerbner
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man. — George Bernard Shaw
We want to create puppets that pull their own strings." -- Ann Marion "Would this make them Marionettes? — Jeff Daiell
On the subject of C program indentation: "In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt. — Blair P. Houghton
By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began to suspect "Hungry. — a Larson cartoon
But don't you see, the color of wine in a crystal glass can be spiritual. The look in a face, the music of a violin. A Paris theater can be infused with the spiritual for all its solidity. — Lestat, _The Vampire Lestat_, Anne Rice
Love your country but never trust its government. — from a hand-painted road sign in central Pennsylvania
I bought the latest computer; it came fully loaded. It was guaranteed for 90 days, but in 30 was outmoded! - The Wall Street Journal passed along by Big Red Computer's SCARLETT
Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to be maintained. — The Tao of Programming
Turn on, tune up, rock out. — Billy Gibbons
EARTH smog | bricks AIR -- mud -- FIRE soda water | tequila WATER
Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix. Everyone knows power tools aren't soluble in alcohol... — Crazy Nigel
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.... — Thomas J. Kopp
All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume. — Noam Chomsky
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked. — John Gall, _Systemantics_
In my opinion, Richard Stallman wouldn't recognise terrorism if it came up and bit him on his Internet. — Ross M. Greenberg
If I ever get around to writing that language depompisifier, it will change almost all occurrences of the word "paradigm" into "example" or "model. — Herbie Blashtfalt
Contemptuous lights flashed across the computer's console. — Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
To err is human, to moo bovine.
America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort. — President John F. Kennedy
The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to defend it. Only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do his share in this defense are the constitutional rights secure. — Albert Einstein
Well I don't see why I have to make one man miserable when I can make so many men happy. — Ellyn Mustard, about marriage
And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what the dictionary says it means, you go to jail. No exceptions. — David Jones @ Megatest Corporation
Luke, I'm yer father, eh. Come over to the dark side, you hoser. — Dave Thomas
Let's not be too tough on our own ignorance. It's the thing that makes America great. If America weren't incomparably ignorant, how could we have tolerated the last eight years? — Frank Zappa, Feb 1, 1989
Don't think; let the machine do it for you! — E. C. Berkeley
It ain't over until it's over. — Casey Stengel
If anything can go wrong, it will. — Edsel Murphy
Yo baby yo baby yo. — Eddie Murphy
Everyone who comes in here wants three things: 1. They want it quick. 2. They want it good. 3. They want it cheap. I tell 'em to pick two and call me back. — sign on the back wall of a small printing company in Delaware
More software projects have gone awry for lack of calendar time than for all other causes combined. — Fred Brooks, Jr., _The Mythical Man Month_
Remember, extremism in the nondefense of moderation is not a virtue. — Peter Neumann, about usenet
We dedicated ourselves to a powerful idea -- organic law rather than naked power. There seems to be universal acceptance of that idea in the nation. — Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart
What man has done, man can aspire to do. — Jerry Pournelle, about space flight
Well, it don't make the sun shine, but at least it don't deepen the shit. — Straiter Empy, in _Riddley_Walker_ by Russell Hoban
If you can, help others. If you can't, at least don't hurt others. — the Dalai Lama
Just think, with VLSI we can have 100 ENIACS on a chip! — Alan Perlis
...Local prohibitions cannot block advances in military and commercial technology... Democratic movements for local restraint can only restrain the world's democracies, not the world as a whole. — K. Eric Drexler
The rotter who simpers that he sees no difference between a five-dollar bill and a whip deserves to learn the difference on his own back -- as, I think, he will. — Francisco d'Anconia, in Ayn Rand's _Atlas Shrugged_
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it will lose that, too. — W. Somerset Maugham
Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway so I don't know why I bother to say it, oh God, I'm so depressed. Here's another of those self-satisfied doors. Life! Don't talk to me about life. — Marvin the Paranoid Android
Gort, klaatu nikto barada. — The Day the Earth Stood Still
Don't drop acid, take it pass-fail! — Bryan Michael Wendt
I got a question for ya. Ya got a minute? — two programmers passing in the hall
I took a fish head to the movies and I didn't have to pay. — Fish Heads, Saturday Night Live, 1977.
What hath Bob wrought?
Help Mr. Wizard! — Tennessee Tuxedo
Unlike most net.puritans, however, I feel that what OTHER consenting computers do in the privacy of their own phone connections is their own business. — John Woods, jfw@eddie.mit.edu
Don't talk to me about disclaimers! I invented disclaimers! — The Censored Hacker
Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception." -- The mayor of Tucson, Arizona, 1989 [apparently, good TV reception is a basic necessity -- at least in Tucson -kl]
One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer terror. — W. K. Hartmann
It's when they say 2 + 2 = 5 that I begin to argue. — Eric Pepke
Irrigation of the land with seawater desalinated by fusion power is ancient. It's called 'rain'. — Michael McClary, in alt.fusion
The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything. — Jim Joyce, former computer science lecturer at the University of California
You can have my Unix system when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers. — Cal Keegan
It's always sad when the fleas leave, because that means your dog is dead. — Wesley T. Williams
You know, the very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common: they don’t alter their views to fit the facts; they alter the facts to fit their views. — Doctor Who: The fourth Doctor
A straight line may be the shortest distance between two points, but it is by no means the most interesting. — Doctor Who: The third Doctor
Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor. — Alexis Carrel
Tolerance and apathy are the last virtues of a dying society. — Aristotle
Concern should drive us into action and not into depression. — Pythagoras
No man is free who cannot control himself — Pythagoras
A secure family is a nation's strength.
Don't rely on motivation for anything - it is fleeting and unreliable. Discipline, however, is unyielding - force youself to follow through.
A "critic" is a man who creates nothing and thereby feels qualified to judge the work of creative men. There is logic in this; he is unbiased -- he hates all creative people equally. — Robert Heinlein
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the damned things is ample. — Rebecca West
A critic is a bundle of biases held loosely together by a sense of taste. — Whitney Balliett
A diva who specializes in risque arias is an off-coloratura soprano.
A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him what he meant. — Wilson Mizner
A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.
A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact. Someone pointed out that it's the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a new theatrical season. "Who am I to stone the first cast?
A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself. — Don Marquis
A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to Madonna, a young puppy. It hitched its waggin' to a star.
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say. — Michael Winner, British film director
A true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art. — Shaw
A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call what he writes fiction. — William Faulkner
A yawn is a silent shout. — G. K. Chesterton
Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
Acting is not very hard. The most important things are to be able to laugh and cry. If I have to cry, I think of my sex life. And if I have to laugh, well, I think of my sex life. — Glenda Jackson
Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.
Actresses will happen in the best regulated families. -- Addison Mizner and Oliver Herford, "The Entirely New Cynic's Calendar", 1905
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo. — actress Mary Pickford, 1925
Adhere to your own act, and congratulate yourself if you have done something strange and extravagant, and broken the monotony of a decorous age. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out. It was replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life more advanced than the lichen family. — Dave Barry
Alex Haley was adopted!
All art is but imitation of nature. — Lucius Annaeus Seneca
An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening. — Marlon Brando
An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Are you police officers?" "No, ma'am. We're musicians. — The Blues Brothers
Art is a jealous mistress. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth. — Picasso
Art is anything you can get away with. — Marshall McLuhan.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution. — Paul Gauguin
Art is Nature speeded up and God slowed down. — Chazal
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
As a goatherd learns his trade by goat, so a writer learns his trade by wrote.
Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamp-post how it feels about dogs. — Christopher Hampton
Authors (and perhaps columnists) eventually rise to the top of whatever depths they were once able to plumb. — Stanley Kaufman
Authors are easy to get on with -- if you're fond of children. — Michael Joseph
Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges. I don't have to show you any stinkin' badges! — "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre"
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work. — Flaubert
Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.
Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>
Ben, why didn't you tell me? — Luke Skywalker
Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence — Time Bandits
Burnt Sienna. That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas. — Ken Weaver
But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable nowadays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study. — Leslie Stephen
But you shall not escape my iambics. — Gaius Valerius Catullus
Can't act. Slightly bald. Also dances. -- RKO executive, reacting to Fred Astaire's screen test. Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune. — Kin Hubbard
Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.
Darth Vader! Only you would be so bold! — Princess Leia Organa
Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot that shot down the Korean jet? At one point he definitely states: "Natasha! First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and squirrel. — ihuxw!tommyo
Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
Don't everyone thank me at once! — Han Solo
Dustin Farnum: Why, yesterday, I had the audience glued to their seats! Oliver Herford: Wonderful! Wonderful! Clever of you to think of it! — Brian Herbert
Dying is easy. Comedy is difficult. — Actor Edmond Gween, on his deathbed.
E.T. GO HOME!!! (And take your Smurfs with you.)
Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent. — Fred Allen
Eeny, Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak! — Bullwinkle Moose
Elwood: What kind of music do you get here ma'am? Barmaid: Why, we get both kinds of music, Country and Western.
Ever get the feeling that the world's on tape and one of the reels is missing? — Rich Little
Everyone is in the best seat. — John Cage
Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door. — Marlo Thomas
Fast ship? You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon? — Han Solo
First things first -- but not necessarily in that order — The Doctor
Fools rush in -- and get the best seats in the house.
For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.
Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.
FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3 MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET: Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and tries to make it big on Broadway. Santa sings and dances his way into your heart.
Fremen add life to spice!
FROM THE DESK OF Dorothy Gale Auntie Em: Hate you. Hate Kansas. Taking the dog. Dorothy
Gauls! We have nothing to fear; except perhaps that the sky may fall on our heads tomorrow. But as we all know, tomorrow never comes!! — Adventures of Asterix
Go ahead... make my day. — Dirty Harry
God help the troubadour who tries to be a star. The more that you try to find success, the more that you will fail. — Phil Ochs, on the Second System Effect
God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things. — Pablo Picasso
God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.
Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.
Governor Tarkin. I should have expected to find you holding Vader's leash. I thought I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on board. — Princess Leia Organa
GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (#1): On November 13, Felix Unger was asked to remove himself from his place of residence.
H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L. Mencken -- there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude. — Maxwell Bodenheim
Hawk, we're going to die." "Never say die... and certainly never say we. — M*A*S*H
He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace. — John Mason Brown, drama critic
He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue. — Jonathan Swift
Hello," he lied. — Don Carpenter, quoting a Hollywood agent
Hello. Jim Rockford's machine, this is Larry Doheny's machine. Will you please have your master call my master at his convenience? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. — "The Rockford Files"
Hi Jimbo. Dennis. Really appreciate the help on the income tax. You wanna help on the audit now? — "The Rockford Files"
Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it. — Rex Reed
Holy Dilemma! Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder? Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh? Tune in again tomorrow: same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human. — David Bowie
I believe that the moment is near when by a procedure of active paranoiac thought, it will be possible to systematize confusion and contribute to the total discrediting of the world of reality. — Salvador Dali
I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars. — Fred Allen
I didn't do it! Nobody saw me do it! Can't prove anything! — Bart Simpson
I didn't like the play, but I saw it under adverse conditions. The curtain was up.
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to. — Elvis Presley
I had another dream the other day about music critics. They were small and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they had stepped out of a painting by Goya. — Stravinsky
I have a very strange feeling about this... — Luke Skywalker
I have come up with a sure-fire concept for a hit television show, which would be called `A Live Celebrity Gets Eaten by a Shark'. — Dave Barry
I have had my television aerials removed. It's the moral equivalent of a prostate operation. — Malcolm Muggeridge
I have more humility in my little finger than you have in your whole BODY! — from "Cerebus" #82
I knew her before she was a virgin. — Oscar Levant, on Doris Day
I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to go away.
I never made a mistake in my life. I thought I did once, but I was wrong. — Lucy Van Pelt
I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation. — G. B. Shaw
I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the reader. But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out. — Stephen King
I remember Ulysses well... Left one day for the post office to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar, and didn't come back for 20 years.
I saw Lassie. It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series?
I stick my neck out for nobody. — Humphrey Bogart
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six. Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph. — Shirley Temple
I suggest a new strategy, Artoo: let the Wookie win. — C3P0
I suppose you expect me to talk." "No, Mr. Bond. I expect you to die. — Goldfinger
I think we're in trouble. — Han Solo
I think... I think it's in my basement... Let me go upstairs and check. — Escher
I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast and drown myself in the noise. — Charles Schmid, the "Tucson Murderer"
I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused. — Elvis Costello
I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it in the room alone.
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth. — Charlie Chaplin
I went to a Grateful Dead Concert and they played for SEVEN hours. Great song. — Fred Reuss
I WISH I HAD A KRYPTONITE CROSS, because then you could keep both Dracula and Superman away. — Jack Handey, The New Mexican, 1988.
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence. There's a knob called "brightness", but it doesn't seem to work. — Gallagher
I'd just as soon kiss a Wookie. — Princess Leia Organa
I'll be Grateful when they're Dead.
I'll never get off this planet. — Luke Skywalker
I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
I'm not a real movie star -- I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago. — Will Rogers
I've got a very bad feeling about this. — Han Solo
If *I* had a hammer, there'd be no more folk singers.
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door. — Paul Beatty
If Beethoven's Seventh Symphony is not by some means abridged, it will soon fall into disuse. — Philip Hale, Boston music critic, 1837
If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three to a can.
If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit Ears.
If I had any humility I would be perfect. — Ted Turner
If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from a laboratory jar at Harvard. -- Frank Sinatra AS USUAL, YOUR INFORMATION STINKS. — Frank Sinatra, telegram to "Time" magazine
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it. — Bob Hope
If it ain't baroque, don't phiques it.
If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.
If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than words. — Fran Lebowitz
If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know. — Louis Armstrong
If you lose a son you can always get another, but there's only one Maltese Falcon. — Sidney Greenstreet
If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with your Bic.
If you want to get rich from writing, write the sort of thing that's read by persons who move their lips when the're reading to themselves. — Don Marquis
Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal. — Lionel Trilling
Immature poets imitate, mature poets steal. — T. S. Eliot
In Hollywood, all marriages are happy. It's trying to live together afterwards that causes the problems. — Shelley Winters
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it. — Rex Reed
In just seven days, I can make you a man! — The Rocky Horror Picture Show
In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending your left leg, it's modern architecture. — Nancy Banks Smith
In Oz, never say "krizzle kroo" to a Woozy.
In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in the proper order then why can't he?
It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years. — Tom Lehrer
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper. — Rod Serling
It is up to us to produce better-quality movies. — Lloyd Kaufman, producer of "Stuff Stephanie in the Incinerator"
It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods to Grandmother's condo.
It looks like it's up to me to save our skins. Get into that garbage chute, flyboy! — Princess Leia Organa
It proves what they say, give the public what they want to see and they'll come out for it. -- Red Skelton, surveying the funeral of Hollywood mogul Harry Cohn
It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous. — Robert Benchley
It'll be just like Beggars' Canyon back home. — Luke Skywalker
It's all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back. — Mick Jagger
It's clever, but is it art?
It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.
It's from Casablanca. I've been waiting all my life to use that line. — Woody Allen
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. — Walt Disney
It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre. — Sam Goldwyn
It's not easy, being green. — Kermit the Frog
It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips. — Garfield
James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total indifference to public notice to be universally recognized. — Tom Stoppard
James McNeill Whistler's (painter of "Whistler's Mother") failure in his West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to remark in later life, "If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a major general.
Jim, it's Grace at the bank. I checked your Christmas Club account. You don't have five-hundred dollars. You have fifty. Sorry, computer foul-up! — "The Rockford Files"
Jim, it's Jack. I'm at the airport. I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay you the five-hundred I owe you. Catch you next year when I get back! — "The Rockford Files"
Jim, this is Janelle. I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and I gotta find a safe place for Daffy. He loves you, Jim! It's only two days, and you'll see. Great Danes are no problem! — "The Rockford Files"
Jim, this is Matty down at Ralph's and Mark's. Some guy named Angel Martin just ran up a fifty buck bar tab. And now he wants to charge it to you. You gonna pay it? — "The Rockford Files"
JOHN PAUL ELECTED POPE!! (George and Ringo miffed.)
Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything. — Bob Dylan
Just close your eyes, tap your heels together three times, and think to yourself, `There's no place like home.' — Glynda the Good
Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets. — The Brigadier
Lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar. — S. J. Perelman
Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.
Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.
Linus: Hi! I thought it was you. I've been watching you from way off... You're looking great! Snoopy: That's nice to know. The secret of life is to look good at a distance.
Linus: I guess it's wrong always to be worrying about tomorrow. Maybe we should think only about today. Charlie Brown: No, that's giving up. I'm still hoping that yesterday will get better.
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse. — James Dean
Live from New York ... It's Saturday Night!
Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.
Lucy: Dance, dance, dance. That is all you ever do. Can't you be serious for once? Snoopy: She is right! I think I had better think of the more important things in life! (pause) Tomorrow!!
Maj. Bloodnok: Seagoon, you're a coward! Seagoon: Only in the holiday season. Maj. Bloodnok: Ah, another Noel Coward!
Mandrell: "You know what I think?" Doctor: "Ah, ah that's a catch question. With a brain your size you don't think, right? — Dr. Who
Many of the characters are fools and they are always playing tricks on me and treating me badly. — Jorge Luis Borges, from "Writers on Writing" by Jon Winokur
Maryel brought her bat into Exit once and started whacking people on the dance floor. Now everyone's doing it. It's called grand slam dancing. — Ransford, Chicago Reader 10/7/83
Microwave oven? Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven? I've been watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks.
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles. — Casablanca
Mike: "The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?" Bernie: "Nobody ever empties the ashtrays. People are SO inconsiderate. — Gary Trudeau
Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea. — John Ciardi
Mos Eisley Spaceport; you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy... — Obi-wan Kenobi
Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary Etiquette. We aren't going to call again! Now you want these free lessons or what? — "The Rockford Files"
Mr. Rockford? Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses. We got your renewal before the extended deadline but not your check. I'm sorry but at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator. — "The Rockford Files"
Mr. Rockford? This is Betty Joe Withers. I got four shirts of yours from the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake. I don't know why they gave me men's shirts but they're going back. — "The Rockford Files"
Mr. Rockford? You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you. Could you call me at... My name is... uh... Never mind, forget it! — "The Rockford Files"
My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it. — The Dragon to Grendel, in John Gardner's "Grendel"
My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights? — MadameX
My tears stuck in their little ducts, refusing to be jerked. -- Peter Stack, movie review His performance is so wooden you want to spray him with Liquid Pledge. — John Stark, movie review
No Civil War picture ever made a nickel. -- MGM executive Irving Thalberg to Louis B. Mayer about film rights to "Gone With the Wind". Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak
No house should ever be on any hill or on anything. It should be of the hill, belonging to it. — Frank Lloyd Wright
No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe their wish has been granted. — W. H. Auden
No two persons ever read the same book. — Edmund Wilson
No, `Eureka' is Greek for `This bath is too hot.' — Dr. Who
Nobody can be exactly like me. Sometimes even I have trouble doing it. — Tallulah Bankhead
No one ever built a statue to a critic.
Not all who own a harp are harpers. — Marcus Terentius Varro
Oh Dad! We're ALL Devo!
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Old musicians never die, they just decompose.
Once, I read that a man be never stronger than when he truly realizes how weak he is. — Jim Starlin
One big pile is better than two little piles. — Arlo Guthrie
Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices. No one else in town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
People in general do not willingly read if they have anything else to amuse them. — S. Johnson
Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry without a certain unsoundness of mind. — Thomas Macaulay
Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic table. — Dave Barry
Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?
Plots are like girdles. Hidden, they hold your interest; revealed, they're of no interest except to fetishists. Like girdles, they attempt to contain an uncontainable experience. — R. S. Knapp
Prizes are for children. -- Charles Ives, upon being given, but refusing, the Pulitzer prize
Public use of any portable music system is a virtually guaranteed indicator of sociopathic tendencies. — Zoso
Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
Rascal, am I? Take THAT! — Errol Flynn
Rembrandt is not to be compared in the painting of character with our extraordinarily gifted English artist, Mr. Rippingille. -- John Hunt, British editor, scholar and art critic Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak
Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is why he never used it. — Dave Barry
Satire is tragedy plus time. — Lenny Bruce
Satire is what closes in New Haven.
Satire is what closes Saturday night. — George Kaufman
'Scuse me, while I kiss the sky! — Robert James Marshall (Jimi) Hendrix
She ran the gamut of emotions from 'A' to 'B'. — Dorothy Parker, on a Kate Hepburn performance
She said, `I know you ... you cannot sing'. I said, `That's nothing, you should hear me play piano.' — Morrisey
She was good at playing abstract confusion in the same way a midget is good at being short. — Clive James, on Marilyn Monroe
Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet! I'm hunting wabbits...
Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable. — C3P0
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art. — Tom Stoppard
Smile! You're on Candid Camera.
Snakes. Why did it have to be snakes? — Indiana Jones
Snoopy: No problem is so big that it can't be run away from.
Some men who fear that they are playing second fiddle aren't in the band at all.
Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even worse. — Avery
Spare no expense to save money on this one. — Samuel Goldwyn
Surely you can't be serious." "I am serious, and stop calling me Shirley. — "Airplane"
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture. — Laurie Anderson
Tallulah Bankhead barged down the Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank. — John Mason Brown, drama critic
Television -- the longest amateur night in history. — Robert Carson
Television has brought back murder into the home -- where it belongs. — Alfred Hitchcock
Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other. — Ann Landers
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare. — attributed to both Fred Allen and Ernie Kovacs
Television is now so desperately hungry for material that it is scraping the top of the barrel. — Gore Vidal
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing. — R. Geis
That's no moon... — Obi-wan Kenobi
The Angels want to wear my red shoes. — E. Costello
The best definition of a gentleman is a man who can play the accordion -- but doesn't. — Tom Crichton
The cable TV sex channels don't expand our horizons, don't make us better people, and don't come in clearly enough. — Bill Maher
The chief enemy of creativity is "good" sense — Picasso
The covers of this book are too far apart. — Book review by Ambrose Bierce.
The difference between waltzes and disco is mostly one of volume. — T. K.
The faster we go, the rounder we get. — The Grateful Dead
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue. — Dorothy Parker
The Hollywood tradition I like best is called "sucking up to the stars. — Johnny Carson
The horror... the horror!
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for lists of "Ten Best". — H. Allen Smith
The human brain is a wonderful thing. It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public. — Sir George Jessel
The human brain is like an enormous fish -- it is flat and slimy and has gills through which it can see. — Monty Python
The key to building a superstar is to keep their mouth shut. To reveal an artist to the people can be to destroy him. It isn't to anyone's advantage to see the truth. — Bob Ezrin, rock music producer
The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away. — Governor Tarkin
The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me. — Nicol Williamson
The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds is of course a shameful canard. The key age has traditionally been more like fourteen. — Robert Christgau
The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes. Let the reader catch his own breath. — Elizabeth Clarkson Zwart
The only "ism" Hollywood believes in is plagiarism. — Dorothy Parker
The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.
The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose. — David Lardner
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business. -- John Steinbeck [Horse racing *is* a stable business ...]
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.
The story you are about to hear is true. Only the names have been changed to protect the innocent.
The streets were dark with something more than night. — Raymond Chandler
The sun never sets on those who ride into it. — RKO
The trouble with superheros is what to do between phone booths. — Ken Kesey
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation. — Oscar Wilde
The ultimate game show will be the one where somebody gets killed at the end. — Chuck Barris, creator of "The Gong Show"
The world has many unintentionally cruel mechanisms that are not designed for people who walk on their hands. — John Irving
There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are. — Somerset Maugham
There are two ways of disliking art. One is to dislike it. The other is to like it rationally. — Oscar Wilde
There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope. — Oscar Wilde
There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you. — Darth Vader
There is nothing wrong with writing ... as long as it is done in private and you wash your hands afterward.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about. — Oscar Wilde
There's nothing remarkable about it. All one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself. — J. S. Bach
There's nothing to writing. All you do is sit at a typewriter and open a vein. — Red Smith
There's something the technicians need to learn from the artists. If it isn't aesthetically pleasing, it's probably wrong.
There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil. — H. Allen Smith
They can't stop us... we're on a mission from God! — The Blues Brothers
This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel. (If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?) — Found on a door in the MSU music building
This is the LAST time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!
This is the Baron. Angel Martin tells me you buy information. Ok, meet me at one a.m. behind the bus depot, bring five-hundred dollars and come alone. I'm serious! — "The Rockford Files"
This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with great force. — Dorothy Parker
This unit... must... survive.
This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible. This was terrible with raisins in it. — Dorothy Parker
Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene from Don Quixote for a local TV show. "I'll play the title role," proposed Tom. "Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B. De Mille.
Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write. — Trollope
To be is to do. -- I. Kant To do is to be. -- A. Sartre Do be a Do Bee! -- Miss Connie, Romper Room Do be do be do! -- F. Sinatra Yabba-Dabba-Doo! — F. Flintstone
Today you'll start getting heavy metal radio on your dentures.
Today's thrilling story has been brought to you by Mushies, the great new cereal that gets soggy even without milk or cream. Join us soon for more spectacular adventure starring... Tippy, the Wonder Dog! — Bob & Ray
Today, of course, it is considered very poor taste to use the F-word except in major motion pictures. — Dave Barry
Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy. — Han Solo
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle. — Michelangelo
Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.
TV is chewing gum for the eyes. — Frank Lloyd Wright
Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book. — Edward Gibbon
Use an accordion. Go to jail. — KFOG, San Francisco
Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best. — Henry Van Dyke
Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five. The reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of thirty-five. — Joel Hildebrand
Watch all-night Donna Reed reruns until your mind resembles oatmeal.
Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home. — Han Solo
We don't like their sound. Groups of guitars are on the way out. — Decca Recording Company, turning down the Beatles, 1962
We have art that we do not die of the truth. — Nietzsche
We'll be recording at the Paradise Friday night. Live, on the Death label. — Swan
We'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it.
We're only in it for the volume. — Black Sabbath
Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?" "Piece of cake, Master? Radial slice of baked confection ... coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero. — Dr. Who
Wharbat darbid yarbou sarbay?
What an artist dies with me! — Nero
What an author likes to write most is his signature on the back of a cheque. — Brendan Francis
What did you bring that book I didn't want to be read to out of about Down Under up for?
What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest fantasies?" "You keep it to yourself. — Broadcast News
What ever happened to happily ever after?
What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working when he's staring out the window.
What was the worst thing you've ever done?" "I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that ever happened to me... the most dreadful thing. — Peter Straub
When all else fails, try Kate Smith.
When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger handle this?
When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand. — Raymond Chandler
When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts, she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind it less and less. — Louise Andrews Kent
Where is John Carson now that we need him? — RLG
Whistler's mother is off her rocker.
Who is D.B. Cooper, and where is he now?
Who is John Galt?
Who is W.O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
Who was that masked man?
Who's on first?
Who's scruffy-looking? — Han Solo
Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard? — Paul Simon
Why are we importing all these highbrow plays like `Amadeus'? I could have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing. — Ian Shoales
Why are you doing this to me? Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before there is change. — Jim Starlin, #29
Why do we have two eyes? To watch 3-D movies with.
Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail? — The Tasmanian Devil
Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with a valentine. — Christopher Plummer
Worth seeing? Yes, but not worth going to see.
Would it help if I got out and pushed? — Princess Leia Organa
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture. — Frank Zappa
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet. I've got eight slugs in me. One's lead, the rest bourbon. The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver. I'm a private eye. — "Calvin & Hobbes"
Yevtushenko has... an ego that can crack crystal at a distance of twenty feet. — John Cheever
You boys lookin' for trouble?" "Sure. Whaddya got? — Marlon Brando
You're all clear now, kid. Now blow this thing so we can all go home. — Han Solo
You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks. — Gary Giddens
Zero Mostel: That's it baby! When you got it, flaunt it! Flaunt it! — Mel Brooks
Naked children have never played in _our_ fountains, and I.M. Pei will never be happy on Route 66. -- "Learning from Las Vegas", Robert Venturi, Denise Scott Brown, and Steven Izenour
Rap music is just computerised crap. I listen to Top of the Pops and after three songs I feel like killing someone. — George Harrison
I'm not sure how much writing happened. You know, let's play E minor and A for an hour or two. Oh, that sounds all right, that'll take up five minutes. — Roger Waters, on the composition of "Breathe"
Hiro has two loves, baseball and porn, but due to an elbow injury he gives up baseball...." -- AniDB description of _H2_, with selective quoting applied. http://anidb.info/perl-bin/animedb.pl?show=anime&aid=352
Somebody set up us the bomb. -- Cut scene from the game "Zero Wing — https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_your_base_are_belong_to_us
All your base are belong to us. -- Cut scene from the game "Zero Wing — https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_your_base_are_belong_to_us
You have no chance to survive make your time. -- Cut scene from the game "Zero Wing — https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_your_base_are_belong_to_us
Move 'ZIG'. -- Cut scene from the game "Zero Wing — https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_your_base_are_belong_to_us
For great justice. -- Cut scene from the game "Zero Wing — https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_your_base_are_belong_to_us
This is hilarious. First, people say how many actresses in Hollywood look too anorexic, and now they are criticizing me for looking too normal. -- Jennifer Lawrence (Unsourced) — (I guess some people will always complain. -- Ed.)
If God were a villain - he'd be me. — Benedict in https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Last_Action_Hero
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain. — Mark Twain
A classic is something that everyone wants to have read and nobody wants to read. — Mark Twain
A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse! — Wm. Shakespeare
A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered. — Harry Thurston Peck (Editor of "The Bookman"), January 1901.
A is for Apple. — Hester Pryne
A kind of Batman of contemporary letters. — Philip Larkin on Anthony Burgess
A light wife doth make a heavy husband. — Wm. Shakespeare
A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his wife asked "What have you got there?" Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer.
... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity. — Mark Twain
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations. — H. L. Mencken, on Shakespeare
Alas, how love can trifle with itself! — William Shakespeare
All generalizations are false, including this one. — Mark Twain
All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead. — Samuel Beckett
All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from the mouths of people who have had to live. — Mark Twain
... all the modern inconveniences ... — Mark Twain
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed. — Shakespeare
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. — Mark Twain
Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits. — William Shakespeare
... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite picturesque liar. — Mark Twain
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told. — William Shakespeare
Anyone who has had a bull by the tail knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't. — Mark Twain
April 1 This is the day upon which we are reminded of what we are on the other three hundred and sixty-four. — Mark Twain
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport. — Shakespeare
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out. — Mark Twain
AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! AWAKE! — J. R. R. Tolkien
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint. — Mark Twain
Big book, big bore. — Callimachus
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me. — William Shakespeare
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity. Another man's, I mean. — Mark Twain
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities. — Mark Twain
Condense soup, not books!
Conscience doth make cowards of us all. — Shakespeare
Consider well the proportions of things. It is better to be a young June-bug than an old bird of paradise. — Mark Twain
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. — Mark Twain
Elves and Dragons!" I says to him. "Cabbages and potatoes are better for you and me. — J. R. R. Tolkien
English literature's performing flea. — Sean O'Casey on P. G. Wodehouse
Every cloud engenders not a storm. — William Shakespeare
Every why hath a wherefore. — William Shakespeare
Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly. — William Shakespeare
F.S. Fitzgerald to Hemingway: "Ernest, the rich are different from us." Hemingway: "Yes. They have more money.
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is oblivion. — Mark Twain
Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children. — Mark Twain
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example. — Mark Twain
For a light heart lives long. — Shakespeare
For courage mounteth with occasion. — William Shakespeare
For years a secret shame destroyed my peace-- I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece. But now I think a thought that brings me hope: Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope. — Justin Richardson.
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no. — J.R.R. Tolkien
Gratitude and treachery are merely the two extremities of the same procession. You have seen all of it that is worth staying for when the band and the gaudy officials have gone by. — Mark Twain
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with. — Mark Twain
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed down-stairs a step at a time. — Mark Twain
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side? And hain't that a big enough majority in any town? — Mark Twain
Harp not on that string. — William Shakespeare
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom. — Mark Twain
Having nothing, nothing can he lose. — William Shakespeare
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument. — William Shakespeare
He hath eaten me out of house and home. — William Shakespeare
He is now rising from affluence to poverty. — Mark Twain
He jests at scars who never felt a wound. — Shakespeare
He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom. — J.R.R. Tolkien
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round. — William Shakespeare
He was part of my dream, of course -- but then I was part of his dream too. — Lewis Carroll
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. — Wm. Shakespeare
How apt the poor are to be proud. — William Shakespeare
I do desire we may be better strangers. — William Shakespeare
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve. — J. R. R. Tolkien
I dote on his very absence. — William Shakespeare
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on, so I woke up from sheer boredom.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. — Mark Twain
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up. — Mark Twain
I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones. — T.S. Eliot
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know. — Mark Twain
I'll burn my books. — Christopher Marlowe
I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness; And from that full meridian of my glory I haste now to my setting. I shall fall, Like a bright exhalation in the evening And no man see me more. — Shakespeare
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world. — J.R.R. Tolkien
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all. — Oscar Wilde
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it. — Ernest Hemingway
If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end. — Mark Twain
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man. — Mark Twain
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. — Mark Twain
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus, "one when he was a boy and one when he was a man. — Mark Twain
In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they have obtained from books of travel. — Mark Twain
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made school boards. — Mark Twain
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours. — Mark Twain, on New England weather
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. — Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
It is a wise father that knows his own child. — William Shakespeare
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. — Mark Twain
It is often the case that the man who can't tell a lie thinks he is the best judge of one. — Mark Twain
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech. — Mark Twain
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion that makes horse-races. — Mark Twain
Its name is Public Opinion. It is held in reverence. It settles everything. Some think it is the voice of God. — Mark Twain
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read. — Mark Twain
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday. — William Shakespeare
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!". — Shakespeare
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish. — Shakespeare
Let me take you a button-hole lower. — William Shakespeare
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. — Mark Twain
Lord, what fools these mortals be! — William Shakespeare
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to. — Mark Twain
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning. — George D. Prentice
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very very thin paper.
Many pages make a thick book.
Must I hold a candle to my shames? — William Shakespeare
My only love sprung from my only hate! Too early seen unknown, and known too late! — William Shakespeare
Never laugh at live dragons. — Bilbo Baggins [J.R.R. Tolkien]
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large. — Mark Twain
No violence, gentlemen -- no violence, I beg of you! Consider the furniture! — Sherlock Holmes
Noise proves nothing. Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid. — Mark Twain
Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none. — Shakespeare
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits. — Mark Twain
O, it is excellent To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous To use it like a giant. — Shakespeare, II, 2
October 12, the Discovery. It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it. — Mark Twain
O, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practice to deceive. — Sir Walter Scott
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives. — Mark Twain
Patch griefs with proverbs. — William Shakespeare
Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves possess. — Gandalf the Grey [J.R.R. Tolkien]
question = ( to ) ? be : ! be; — Wm. Shakespeare
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself. — Mark Twain
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it. — William Shakespeare
Remark of Dr. Baldwin's concerning upstarts: We don't care to eat toadstools that think they are truffles. — Mark Twain
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late. — Mark Twain
ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much. MERCUTIO: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.
Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come. — William Shakespeare
She is not refined. She is not unrefined. She keeps a parrot. — Mark Twain
Small things make base men proud. — William Shakespeare
So so is good, very good, very excellent good: and yet it is not; it is but so so. — William Shakespeare
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run. — Mark Twain
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark. — Shakespeare
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind. Then it passes off and I'm as intelligent as ever. — Samuel Beckett
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind. — Wm. Shakespeare
Swerve me? The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails, whereon my soul is grooved to run. Over unsounded gorges, through the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly I rush! — Captain Ahab
Talkers are no good doers. — William Shakespeare
Tell the truth or trump--but get the trick. — Mark Twain
Tempt not a desperate man. — William Shakespeare
The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power. — William Shakespeare
The better part of valor is discretion. — William Shakespeare
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose. — William Shakespeare
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal. — Mark Twain
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug. — Mark Twain
The fashion wears out more apparel than the man. — William Shakespeare
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers. — Wm. Shakespeare, Part 2
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money. — Mark Twain
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter. — Mark Twain
The human race is a race of cowards; and I am not only marching in that procession but carrying a banner. — Mark Twain
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet, Are of imagination all compact... — Wm. Shakespeare
The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful. — Mark Twain
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt. — William Shakespeare
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. — Mark Twain
The Public is merely a multiplied "me. — Mark Twain
The ripest fruit falls first. — William Shakespeare
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven. — Mark Twain
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on. — William Shakespeare
The surest protection against temptation is cowardice. — Mark Twain
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice. — Mark Twain
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy. — Wm. Shakespeare
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling somebody out. — Joan Didion
There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty. "When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend. — Mark Twain
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress. — Mark Twain
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter. — Ernest Hemingway
There's small choice in rotten apples. — William Shakespeare
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps. — William Shakespeare
They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy". Foreigners always spell better than they pronounce. — Mark Twain
Things past redress and now with me past care. — William Shakespeare
This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one. — Arthur Clarke
This night methinks is but the daylight sick. — William Shakespeare
This was the most unkindest cut of all. — William Shakespeare
To be or not to be. -- Shakespeare To do is to be. -- Nietzsche To be is to do. -- Sartre Do be do be do. — Sinatra
Too much is just enough. — Mark Twain, on whiskey
Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education. — Mark Twain
Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it. — Mark Twain
Wagner's music is better than it sounds. — Mark Twain
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody. — Mark Twain
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature? — Nero Wolfe
What I tell you three times is true. — Lewis Carroll
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear. — Mark Twain
When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know who have gone to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life. — Mark Twain
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes. — Dylan Thomas
When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all. — Roger Zelazny
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his Atlantic with his verb in his mouth. — Mark Twain "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform. — Mark Twain
Whoever has lived long enough to find out what life is, knows how deep a debt of gratitude we owe to Adam, the first great benefactor of our race. He brought death into the world. — Mark Twain
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved. — Mark Twain
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do. — Mark Twain
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. — Mark Twain
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead. — Gene Fowler
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money. — J.P. Donleavy
You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive. — Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
You may my glories and my state dispose, But not my griefs; still am I king of those. — William Shakespeare
You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you. — Sherlock Holmes
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write. — Saul Bellow
You tread upon my patience. — William Shakespeare
You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day. — Sherlock Holmes
Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not original and the part that is original is not good. — Samuel Johnson
Zounds! I was never so bethumped with words since I first called my brother's father dad. — William Shakespeare
The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n. — John Milton
I understand this is your first dead client," Sabian was saying. The absurdity of the statement made me want to laugh but they don't call me Deadpan Allie and lie. — Pat Cadigan
It is an established fact that 99.83% conversations on block chain are non-consentual" -Cory Doctorow, "The Internet Con
The stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood. Only a fool would take anything posted here as fact.
We are Anonymous. We are Legion. We do not forgive. We do not forget. Expect us.
In b4 404.
Lurk moar.
Tits or GTFO.
This is why we can't have nice things.
I came here to laugh at you.
Do it for free.
It was always going to end this way.
What is this and why am I crying?
Anon delivers.
Welcome to the internet. I'll be your guide.
The internet is made of cats.
All your base are belong to us.
Pics or it didn't happen.
The more you know, the more you realize you don't know.
Sometimes I wonder if anything I do matters. Then I remember I'm anonymous.
We were all normal once. Then the internet happened.
History is written by the survivors. Memes are written by the unemployed.
Society is three missed meals away from collapse. I am three missed memes away from posting.
I used to think I was smart. Then I got internet access.
The internet doesn't make people cruel; it just shows you how many cruel people there are.
You can't argue with stupid on the internet. Stupid has unlimited time.
Never argue with an idiot. They'll drag you down to their level and beat you with experience.
I'm not saying the government is reading my texts. I'm saying they're disappointed by what they find.
My browsing history is a detailed map of my mental illness.
The void looked back and said 'mood'.
Sleep is just death being shy.
What if we're already in hell and this is just what it's like.
People were fine before electricity. They were also dead by forty.
We are the middle children of history, with no purpose or place. — Chuck Palahniuk
You do not talk about Fight Club. — Chuck Palahniuk
I am Jack's complete lack of surprise. — Chuck Palahniuk
The first rule of being taken seriously on the internet: do not post on 4chan.
Every single one of you who's ever argued on the internet owes me a dollar.
This is fine.
Why do they call it a keyboard shortcut if it still takes forever?
The only winning move is not to play. But I'm going to play anyway.
The real friends were the enemies we made along the way.
Be the person your dog thinks you are. Lower the bar significantly.
There are no stupid questions. Only stupid people. — Mr. Garrison
I sexually identify as an attack helicopter.
Step 1: don't be poor. Step 2: see step 1.
If you're reading this, congratulations — you survived another day.
I cook with wine. Sometimes I even add it to the food. — W.C. Fields
Anybody who hates children and animals can't be all bad. — W.C. Fields
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people. — W.C. Fields
The laziest man I ever met put popcorn in his pancakes so they would turn over by themselves. — W.C. Fields
Civilization ends at the waterline. Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top. — Hunter S. Thompson
The Tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are now extinct. — W. Somerset Maugham
Confound these ancestors. They've stolen our best ideas! — Ben Jonson
Nations are an illusion. You are indoctrinated to believe you are compatriots with millions of people just because you share the same language.
The only people who care about who wins the war are spectators.
So... all demons have to offer are just worthless things? Wealth, pleasures, and power? You mean all those rituals and forbidden books just to trade one's eternal soul for the equivalent of dust?
I remember how enthusiastic I was about psychedelics when I was young. If you offered me that shit now I'd slap it right out of your hand.
There's some books I always wanted to work through. I live in South Africa, so I'm starved for book scenes. Also existentially.
To live is to suffer; to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering. — Friedrich Nietzsche
There are no facts, only interpretations. — Friedrich Nietzsche
To forget one's purpose is the commonest form of stupidity. — Friedrich Nietzsche
One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star. — Friedrich Nietzsche
He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. — Friedrich Nietzsche
That which is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil. — Friedrich Nietzsche
No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself. — Friedrich Nietzsche
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you. — Friedrich Nietzsche
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The thought of suicide is a great consolation: by means of it one gets through many a dark night. — Friedrich Nietzsche
I exist, therefore I suffer. — Emil Cioran
It is not worth the bother of killing yourself, since you always kill yourself too late. — Emil Cioran
Life is merely a fracas on an unmapped terrain. — Emil Cioran
Isn't it strange that all the things that make life worth living are precisely what threaten it? — Emil Cioran
We are born into chaos. We die into chaos. Between these two events, we pretend.
In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer. — Albert Camus
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth. — Albert Camus
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. — Albert Camus
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. — Albert Camus
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is. — Albert Camus
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend. — Albert Camus
We always deceive ourselves twice about the people we love — first to their advantage, then to their disadvantage. — Albert Camus
Hell is other people. — Jean-Paul Sartre
We are our choices. — Jean-Paul Sartre
Everything has been figured out, except how to live. — Jean-Paul Sartre
Life has no meaning the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal. — Jean-Paul Sartre
Words are loaded pistols. — Jean-Paul Sartre
Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does. — Jean-Paul Sartre
There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad. — Salvador Dalí
Have no fear of perfection -- you'll never reach it. — Salvador Dalí
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. — Salvador Dalí
Every day I grow more fond of myself and less fond of everyone else.
The trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more. — Erica Jong
If you're going to be crazy, you have to get paid for it or else you're going to be locked up. — Hunter S. Thompson
Buy the ticket, take the ride. — Hunter S. Thompson
The Edge... there is no honest way to explain it because the only people who really know where it is are the ones who have gone over. — Hunter S. Thompson
Too weird to live, too rare to die. — Hunter S. Thompson
We cannot expect people to have respect for law and order until we teach respect to those we have entrusted to enforce those laws. — Hunter S. Thompson
Good people drink good beer. — Hunter S. Thompson
Morality is temporary, wisdom is permanent. — Hunter S. Thompson
Music has always been a matter of energy to me, a question of fuel. — Hunter S. Thompson
If it looks like a duck, acts like a duck, and quacks like a duck it is probably just a tool of the conspiracy
You, you, you shouldn't, you shouldn't traumatize women with sexual intercourse. I should know, I'm a medieval doctor, I own a mansion and a yacht.
I'll heal your wounds, I'll set you free; I'm Jesus Christ on ecstasy
Hail Eris!
Hail Bob!
All Hail Discordia.
Life is like pudding; soft and squishy.
From the halls of Montezuma to the shores of Tripoli, we are all tools of the Conspiracy...
Censorship? We don't have any censorship on this mud. If we did, I couldn't say ---- or ------ ------!
Fnord.
Fnord?
Fnord!
Roses are red, she said, and violents are blue
Fish heads, fish heads, roly-poly fish heads
Excuse me, what did you say? Oh, I thought you said "Whop".
"I guess the joke's on me," she said
Brain fried -- Core dumped
I'm not sure of what I should do -- when every thought I'm thinking of is you
My oh my! Life sure is easier with my new Salad Shooter (R)!
We asked for Mojo Nixon, they said "He don't work here"
My friend Goo has a real time too; she always knows just what to do
Gridlock to the max, Jack
So... so you think you can tell... heaven from hell
Don't open your eyes, you won't like what you see
I wanna reach up and touch the sky; I wanna touch the sun but I don't wanna fry
Here he comes -- here comes Speed Racer -- he's a demon on wheels
Go Speed Racer Go Speed Racer Go Speed Racer Go
He's a tragic figure in a paisley shirt
Girls will be boys and boys will be girls
And where you are ain't no good unless you can get away from it
I... I believe in love
A thousand ways to make it true, I want to do terrible things to you
Ding a ding-dang my dang-a-long ling-long
Don't give up, push a pawn
Walk in shadow, walk in dread, Loosefish walk as like one dead
